... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
entertaining enough , but nothing new
a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .
an absurdist spider web .
dark and disturbing , yet compelling to watch .
flawed , but worth seeing for ambrose 's performance .
imperfect ?
it 's not a great monster movie .
lookin ' for sin , american-style ?
rabbit-proof fence will probably make you angry .
the date movie that franz kafka would have made .
the modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .
the movie is well done , but slow .
the result is more depressing than liberating , but it 's never boring .
the vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful .
this orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed .
though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .
try hell house , which documents the cautionary christian spook-a-rama of the same name .
( moore 's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions .
a chick flick for guys .
a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .
a tasty slice of droll whimsy .
acting can not be acted .
as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan .
baran is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .
blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological .
call this the full monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux .
eerily accurate depiction of depression .
feardotcom 's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work .
fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way .
fulfills the minimum requirement of disney animation .
goes a long way on hedonistic gusto .
grainy photography mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors .
i 'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute .
is red dragon worthy of a place alongside the other hannibal movies ?
it 's quite diverting nonsense .
it 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .
it depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .
may be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since town and country .
norton holds the film together .
not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by the piano teacher .
paul cox needed to show it .
perhaps the grossest movie ever made .
real women have curves does n't offer any easy answers .
sean penn , you owe nicolas cage an apology .
sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .
spend your benjamins on a matinee .
the film has a kind of hard , cold effect .
the movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .
this is not an easy film .
this sci-fi techno-sex thriller starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder .
tsai ming-liang 's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being .
we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .
you could hate it for the same reason .
you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .
you want to call domino 's .
fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten
( a ) rather thinly-conceived movie .
( a ) soulless , stupid sequel ...
( a ) stuporously solemn film .
( sam 's ) self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .
( t ) oo many of these gross out scenes ...
... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
... a fairly disposable yet still entertaining b picture .
... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
... delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story .
... hokey art house pretension .
... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .
... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .
... too sappy for its own good .
... what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .
a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .
a big fat pain .
a bit too eager to please .
a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness .
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
a direct-to-void release , heading nowhere .
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff .
a fifty car pileup of cliches .
a film that loses sight of its own story .
a generic international version of a typical american horror film .
a humorless journey into a philosophical void .
a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional .
a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit .
a peculiar misfire that even tunney ca n't save .
a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .
a picture as erratic as its central character .
a processed comedy chop suey .
a rather tired exercise in nostalgia .
a really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .
a sentimental mess that never rings true .
a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .
a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .
a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .
a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .
a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash .
although i did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .
an almost unbearably morbid love story .
an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .
an erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
an extremely unpleasant film .
an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie .
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .
an unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years .
animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .
another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie .
as plain and pedestrian as catsup --
as the mediterranean sparkles , ` swept away ' sinks .
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .
avary 's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis ' book .
barry sonnenfeld owes frank the pug big time
below is well below expectations .
breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .
but something seems to be missing .
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .
charlize chases kevin with a gun .
clever but not especially compelling .
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .
curling may be a unique sport but men with brooms is distinctly ordinary .
deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
drowning 's too good for this sucker .
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would .
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .
everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .
exactly what you 'd expect from a guy named kaos .
expanded to 65 minutes for theatrical release , it still feels somewhat unfinished .
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo 's real strength .
feels like a cold old man going through the motions .
feels shrill , simple and soapy .
forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
from beginning to end , this overheated melodrama plays like a student film .
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .
full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum .
gloriously straight from the vagina .
gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .
grown-up quibbles are beside the point here .
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .
has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together .
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations .
hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .
how i killed my father would be a rarity in hollywood .
how this one escaped the lifetime network i 'll never know .
i 'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls
i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .
i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .
i wanted more .
if only merchant paid more attention the story .
if you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .
ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway
in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
it 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .
it 's all pretty tame .
it 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .
it 's got the brawn , but not the brains .
it 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .
it 's just a little too self-satisfied .
it 's just not very smart .
it 's like an all-star salute to disney 's cheesy commercialism .
it 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
it 's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .
it 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .
it 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...
it 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
it 's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling .
it does n't work as either .
it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
it hates its characters .
it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .
it should have stayed there .
it still feels like a prison stretch .
its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more .
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
just a kiss is a just a waste .
just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .
lawrence should stick to his day job .
less-than-compelling documentary of a yiddish theater clan .
like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy .
like these russo guys lookin ' for their mamet instead found their sturges .
low rent from frame one .
martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more .
might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .
my own minority report is that it stinks .
my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
naipaul fans may be disappointed .
narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess .
none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .
none of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .
not so much farcical as sour .
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .
one of the most incoherent features in recent memory .
or that the battery on your watch has died .
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .
peralta 's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight .
pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .
plodding , peevish and gimmicky .
plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .
possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .
reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish .
resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche .
sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion .
sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .
serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
simplistic , silly and tedious .
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd .
smothered by its own solemnity .
some episodes work , some do n't .
sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it does n't .
steven soderbergh does n't remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it .
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .
sure , i hated myself in the morning .
terminally brain dead production .
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .
the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada .
the pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of steven spielberg 's schindler 's list .
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
the piano teacher is not an easy film .
the pool drowned me in boredom .
the acting is n't much better .
the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .
the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .
the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn .
the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .
the film can depress you about life itself .
the film has a childlike quality about it .
the film was n't preachy , but it was feminism by the book .
the filmmakers might want to look it up .
the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
the movie is a mess from start to finish .
the movie is as padded as allen 's jelly belly .
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it .
the party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks .
the results are far more alienating than involving .
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
the talk-heavy film plays like one of robert altman 's lesser works .
the thing just never gets off the ground .
the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
the whole affair is as predictable as can be .
there 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .
there 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .
there 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .
there 's no good answer to that one .
there 's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever .
there 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
there 's nothing to gain from watching they .
there is so much plodding sensitivity .
this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .
this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .
this is a film living far too much in its own head .
this thing is just garbage .
thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .
throw smoochy from the train !
time out is as serious as a pink slip .
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .
too bad maggio could n't come up with a better script .
too much of nemesis has a tired , talky feel .
too silly to take seriously .
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .
toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
underachieves only in not taking the shakespeare parallels quite far enough .
unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .
wait for it to hit cable .
we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold .
what we get ... is caddyshack crossed with the loyal order of raccoons .
when you resurrect a dead man , hard copy should come a-knocking , no ?
with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low .
without shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .
witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic .
you might be shocked to discover that seinfeld 's real life is boring .
your stomach for heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn .
` this movie sucks . '
like a poor man 's you can count on me
meanders between its powerful moments .
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
- greaseballs mob action-comedy .
... a bland , pretentious mess .
... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
... little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen .
... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .
... they missed the boat .
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .
a bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .
a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .
a chiller resolutely without chills .
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .
a crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing .
a film that suffers because of its many excesses .
a little weak -- and it is n't that funny .
a mess .
a movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .
a moving picture that does not move .
a pale xerox of other , better crime movies .
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .
a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese .
a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
a technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .
alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but ayurveda does the field no favors .
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .
an ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .
anemic chronicle of money grubbing new yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups .
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .
as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west .
bad and baffling from the get-go .
believability was n't one of the film 's virtues .
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe .
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .
by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
ca n't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ?
chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .
clare peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence .
complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold .
despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
do n't even bother to rent this on video .
draggin ' about dragons
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .
everyone 's to blame here .
fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
feels familiar and tired .
formulaic to the 51st power , more like .
full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow !
gere gives a good performance in a film that does n't merit it .
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
gibney and jarecki just want to string the bastard up .
goes on and on to the point of nausea .
has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .
he 's not good with people .
he fails .
hollywood ending just is n't very funny .
i 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .
in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled .
includes too much obvious padding .
it 's splash without the jokes .
it 's young guns meets goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs .
it 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .
it 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .
it 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .
it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .
it 's mildly amusing , but i certainly ca n't recommend it .
it 's one long bore .
it would work much better as a one-hour tv documentary .
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs .
lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned .
largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers .
less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .
like a can of 2-day old coke .
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way .
mediocre fable from burkina faso .
meyjes 's movie , like max rothman 's future , does not work .
murder by numbers just does n't add up .
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .
never comes together as a coherent whole .
none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .
not once does it come close to being exciting .
occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story .
offers absolutely nothing i had n't already seen .
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ... losin ' his fan base ...
seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago .
self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable .
serving sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .
shallow , noisy and pretentious .
simply a re-hash of the other seven films .
simply does n't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time .
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source .
so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .
stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
suffers from all the excesses of the genre .
the comedy is nonexistent .
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .
the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .
the film is flat .
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .
the movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .
the movie is a desperate miscalculation .
the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .
this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .
this is a truly , truly bad movie .
this one is certainly well-meaning , but it 's also simple-minded and contrived .
this thing works on no level whatsoever for me .
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
to be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .
too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .
too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .
two hours of junk .
uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...
video games are more involving than this mess .
what 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor .
with minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades .
worthy of the gong .
( a ) crushing disappointment .
( a ) painfully flat gross-out comedy ...
( a ) poorly executed comedy .
( a ) stale retread of the '53 original .
( l ) ame and unnecessary .
( t ) he ideas of revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution
... a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable .
... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .
... a rather bland affair .
... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
... another example of how sandler is losing his touch .
... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .
... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
... one resurrection too many .
... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
a lifetime movie about men .
a movie to forget
a sha-na-na sketch punctuated with graphic violence .
a bad movie that happened to good actors .
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '
a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .
a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .
a characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .
a cockeyed shot all the way .
a complete waste of time .
a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .
a decidedly mixed bag .
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip .
a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .
a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness .
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film .
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .
a family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .
a fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece .
a feeble tootsie knockoff .
a feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .
a film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted .
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .
a full-frontal attack on audience patience .
a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .
a grating , emaciated flick .
a great script brought down by lousy direction .
a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .
a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
a listless and desultory affair .
a little objectivity could have gone a long way .
a loquacious and dreary piece of business .
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .
a low-rent retread of the alien pictures .
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .
a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard .
a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work .
a movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire .
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .
a nearly 21\/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .
a negligible british comedy .
a painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car .
a pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film .
a plodding look at the french revolution through the eyes of aristocrats .
a porn film without the sex scenes .
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .
a predictable , manipulative stinker .
a preposterous , prurient whodunit .
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit .
a ragbag of cliches .
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .
a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick .
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .
a selection of scenes in search of a movie .
a singularly off-putting romantic comedy .
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis .
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie .
a somewhat disappointing and meandering saga .
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .
a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .
a thriller without a lot of thrills .
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .
a timid , soggy near miss .
a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .
a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .
action - mechanical .
admirably ambitious but self-indulgent .
ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .
all mood and no movie .
all the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .
an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .
an awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .
an empty , purposeless exercise .
an empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility .
an empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .
an extraordinarily silly thriller .
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .
an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn .
an often unfunny romp .
an overwrought taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship .
an ugly , revolting movie .
an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .
an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
and people make fun of me for liking showgirls .
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .
ararat feels like a book report
as original and insightful as last week 's episode of behind the music .
as pedestrian as they come .
as saccharine as it is disposable .
as self-aware movies go , who is cletis tout ?
as steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .
at times , it actually hurts to watch .
attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .
barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality .
basically , it 's pretty but dumb .
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be .
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .
been there done that .
best described as i know what you did last winter .
borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .
brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .
certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .
choppy , overlong documentary about ` the lifestyle . '
cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth .
cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .
collapses under its own meager weight .
comes across as a fairly weak retooling .
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard .
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible
de niro cries .
death might be a release .
demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
deserving of its critical backlash and more .
despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .
despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire .
despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .
devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects .
director david fincher and writer david koepp ca n't sustain it .
director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .
disgusting .
dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .
do n't hate el crimen del padre amaro because it 's anti-catholic .
do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?
dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery .
does n't add up to much .
does n't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) .
does n't really add up to much .
does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer jeffrey dahmer boring .
done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .
dreary tale of middle-class angst
dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .
eastwood winces , clutches his chest and gasps for breath .
eckstraordinarily lame and severely boring .
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof .
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .
enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .
entertainment more disposable than hanna-barbera 's half-hour cartoons ever were .
essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
even murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .
every joke is repeated at least four times .
every note rings false .
everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .
everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel .
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had .
excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .
fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .
feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .
final verdict : you 've seen it all before .
first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course .
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .
for all the complications , it 's all surprisingly predictable .
for dance completists only .
forgettable , if good-hearted , movie .
friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite .
get out your pooper-scoopers .
go , girls , right down the reality drain .
god is great , the movie 's not .
good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork .
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .
grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine .
halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .
harvard man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality .
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital .
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .
has its moments , but it 's pretty far from a treasure .
has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...
has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes .
hate it because it 's lousy .
he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .
hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .
hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .
how inept is serving sara ?
humor in i spy is so anemic .
humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .
i 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .
i 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .
i also believe that resident evil is not it .
i ca n't recommend it .
i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down .
i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again .
i could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .
i did n't laugh .
i did n't smile .
i did n't think so .
i do n't think this movie loves women at all .
i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .
i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .
i have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered .
i survived .
if only it were , well , funnier .
if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey .
imagine susan sontag falling in love with howard stern .
impostor does n't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast .
impostor is a step down for director gary fleder .
in a strange way , egoyan has done too much .
in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .
in the end , there is n't much to it .
interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .
it 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .
it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .
it 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
it 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .
it 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
it 's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places .
it 's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick .
it 's all surface psychodramatics .
it 's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
it 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .
it 's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen .
it 's fitfully funny but never really takes off .
it 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .
it 's horribly depressing and not very well done .
it 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .
it 's just plain boring .
it 's just rather leaden and dull .
it 's like a drive-by .
it 's makes a better travelogue than movie .
it 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
it 's not original enough .
it 's not too much of anything .
it 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .
it 's too bad nothing else is .
it 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .
it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .
it drowns in sap .
it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
it has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .
it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .
it looks good , but it is essentially empty .
it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly .
it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
it never rises to its clever what-if concept .
it should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
it was a dark and stormy night ...
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .
just dreadful .
just is n't as weird as it ought to be .
kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .
kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .
lacks dramatic punch and depth .
leaks treacle from every pore .
leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice belgian waffle .
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .
like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .
like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .
like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
little more than a well-mounted history lesson .
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .
loud , silly , stupid and pointless .
low comedy does n't come much lower .
lurid and less than lucid work .
make like the title and dodge this one .
makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .
master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .
may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .
may puzzle his most ardent fans .
meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull .
merchant has n't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage .
more a gunfest than a rock concert .
more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving .
more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .
more of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller .
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
more tiring than anything .
more trifle than triumph .
most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes .
most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date .
muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner .
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
muddled , trashy and incompetent
my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .
narc can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself .
narc is all menace and atmosphere .
nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa .
neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
never inspires more than an interested detachment .
no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander 's uninspired story .
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .
no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces wild .
no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
none of birthday girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...
not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending .
nothing about them is attractive .
nothing about this movie works .
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .
nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .
one big blustery movie where nothing really happens .
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 've ever seen .
one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .
one of the worst films of 2002 .
one of the worst movies of the year .
one of those so-so films that could have been much better .
only masochistic moviegoers need apply .
only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience .
originality is sorely lacking .
oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material
overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .
overly long and worshipful bio-doc .
phoned-in business as usual .
plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and his cast were sending up .
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .
plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .
poor ben bratt could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .
press the delete key .
pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .
problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .
qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .
queen of the damned is too long with too little going on .
rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .
rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .
rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .
routine and rather silly .
sad nonsense , this .
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard .
sadly , ` garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . '
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .
seems like someone going through the motions .
seriously , rent the disney version .
serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst .
shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
she 's not yet an actress , not quite a singer ...
show me the mugging .
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .
shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .
slap her - she 's not funny !
slap me , i saw this movie .
snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .
snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good .
so aggressively cheery that pollyana would reach for a barf bag .
so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .
some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .
some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema .
something must have been lost in the translation .
sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates .
spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .
staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
steve oedekerk is , alas , no woody allen .
still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling .
suffers from a flat script and a low budget .
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .
summer 's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .
tv skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .
talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .
technically and artistically inept .
tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination .
tennessee williams by way of oprah 's book club .
that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .
the christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .
the porky 's revenge : ultimate edition ?
the spalding gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste .
the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste .
the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
the central character is n't complex enough to hold our interest .
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .
the chocolate factory without charlie .
the crap continues .
the densest distillation of roberts ' movies ever made .
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .
the drama discloses almost nothing .
the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .
the entire movie is in need of a scented bath .
the feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down .
the film , like jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs .
the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .
the film is all over the place , really .
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
the film is strictly routine .
the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card .
the film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
the last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others ' affections .
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .
the locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand .
the material and the production itself are little more than routine .
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .
the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .
the most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog rover dangerfield .
the movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .
the movie does n't generate a lot of energy .
the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
the people in abc africa are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras .
the picture does n't know it 's a comedy .
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
the plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .
the plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .
the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
the problem with all of this : it 's not really funny .
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum 's good intentions .
the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
the result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .
the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
the screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as hip-hop scooby-doo .
the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .
the script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .
the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .
the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .
the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
the story has little wit and no surprises .
the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .
the story itself is actually quite vapid .
the thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie .
the title , alone , should scare any sane person away .
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls .
the troubling thing about clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .
the truth about charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly .
the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad .
the worst film of the year .
there 's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself .
there 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
there 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
there is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down .
there is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .
there is nothing redeeming about this movie .
there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew .
there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .
these are textbook lives of quiet desperation .
these characters become wearisome .
they 're going through the motions , but the zip is gone .
they cheapen the overall effect .
this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people .
this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
this franchise has not spawned a single good film .
this is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them !
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
this is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .
this is not a jackie chan movie .
this is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet .
this is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .
this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states .
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .
this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
this story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
this thing is virtually unwatchable .
this u-boat does n't have a captain .
those unfamiliar with mormon traditions may find the singles ward occasionally bewildering .
to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago ...
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .
too bad kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .
too bad none of it is funny .
too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .
too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .
too much power , not enough puff .
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .
tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .
two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .
two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning .
unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title .
unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .
upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much .
veers uncomfortably close to pro-serb propaganda .
very stupid and annoying .
violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .
visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay .
visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying .
vulgar is too optimistic a title .
wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach .
we do n't even like their characters .
we get the comedy we settle for .
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .
well , it 's not as pathetic as the animal .
what a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !
what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .
what happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?
what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .
where the film falters is in its tone .
without any redeeming value whatsoever .
witless and utterly pointless .
woody , what happened ?
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .
writer-director ritchie reduces wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .
yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .
yet another weepy southern bore-athon .
yo , it 's the days of our lives meets electric boogaloo .
you 'll cry for your money back .
you ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
you can practically hear george orwell turning over .
you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell .
zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .
` opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .
` rare birds ' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .
director hoffman , his writer and kline 's agent should serve detention
is a mess .
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
( a ) mess .
( a ) slummer .
- spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together .
-- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .
-- was a fad that had long since vanished .
... pray does n't have a passion for the material .
... stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
... the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
... watching it was painful .
... a confusing drudgery .
... a pretentious mess ...
... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .
... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
... hypnotically dull .
... irritating soul-searching garbage .
... overly melodramatic ...
... pitiful , slapdash disaster .
... really horrible drek .
... salaciously simplistic .
... silly humbuggery ...
... stale and uninspired .
... the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation .
... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...
... unbearably lame .
a doa dud from frame one .
a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
a `` black austin powers ? ''
a battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .
a cartoon ?
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .
a dreary movie .
a half-assed film .
a high-minded snoozer .
a lame comedy .
a less-than-thrilling thriller .
a major waste ... generic .
a movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .
a muted freak-out
a noble failure .
a non-mystery mystery .
a puzzling experience .
a real snooze .
a reality-snubbing hodgepodge .
a relative letdown .
a well-crafted letdown .
aan opportunity wasted .
absolutely not .
abysmally pathetic
aggravating and tedious .
aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .
ah , the travails of metropolitan life !
alas , another breathless movie about same !
alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
almost as offensive as `` freddy got fingered . ''
almost peerlessly unsettling .
amazingly lame .
an exit sign , that is .
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .
an awful snooze .
an infuriating film .
an opportunity missed .
and diesel is n't the actor to save it .
and i expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director bruce mcculloch .
and a very rainy day .
and for all the wrong reasons besides .
and in a sense , that 's a liability .
and it 's a lousy one at that .
and it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
and neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .
and second , what 's with all the shooting ?
and that is where ararat went astray .
anemic , pretentious .
another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
any rock pile will do for a set .
anyone else seen this before ?
arnie blows things up .
arty gay film .
as a movie , it never seems fresh and vital .
as a remake , it 's a pale imitation .
as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso , sia lacks visual flair .
as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
as it is , it 's too long and unfocused .
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .
average , at best , i 'm afraid .
bad company .
bad movie .
banal and predictable .
barely .
bearable .
before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .
beware the quirky brit-com .
big mistake .
black-and-white and unrealistic .
bland but harmless .
blue crush is as predictable as the tides .
bond-inspired ?
boring and meandering .
both deserve better .
brisk hack job .
but , for that , why not watch a documentary ?
but , like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
but , no , we get another scene , and then another .
but i had a lot of problems with this movie .
but windtalkers does n't beat that one , either .
but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still .
but here 's a movie about it anyway .
but his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .
but it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .
but it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
but it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
but it does n't leave you with much .
but it was n't .
but it would be better to wait for the video .
but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
but no . .
but not a whit more .
but seriously , folks , it does n't work .
but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .
but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
but the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
but then again , i hate myself most mornings .
but there 's plenty to offend everyone ...
but they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .
but they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
but this time , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better .
but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro .
but what is missing from it all is a moral .
but you 'd never guess that from the performances .
by that measure , it is a failure .
by-the-numbers yarn .
c'mon !
calculated swill .
cinematic poo .
cinematic pratfalls given a working over .
confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis .
crikey indeed .
crummy .
cynics need not apply . '
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .
david spade as citizen kane ?
debut effort by `` project greenlight '' winner is sappy and amateurish .
decent but dull .
degenerates into hogwash .
dense and enigmatic ... elusive ... stagy and stilted
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .
despite bearing the paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement european pickup .
did we really need a remake of `` charade ? ''
dignified ceo 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .
disjointed parody .
disturbing .
do n't say you were n't warned .
do we really need the tiger beat version ?
does n't do more than expand a tv show to movie length .
dramatically lackluster .
each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
eh .
eight legged freaks ?
elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke .
enigma lacks it .
enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre .
enough said , except : film overboard !
entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel .
even kids deserve better .
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .
every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?
everything is off .
execrable .
explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound .
extremely bad .
fairly run-of-the-mill .
far away .
feeble comedy .
feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .
feral and uncomfortable .
flat , misguided comedy .
fluffy and disposible .
frank mcklusky c.i . is that movie !
frankly , it 's pretty stupid .
frida is n't that much different from many a hollywood romance .
generic thriller junk .
go back to sleep .
grating and tedious .
guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .
he gets his secretary to fax it . ''
he may have meant the internet short saving ryan 's privates .
here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever .
horrible .
how about surprising us by trying something new ?
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?
i admit it , i hate to like it .
i did n't find much fascination in the swinging .
i do n't think so .
i have to admit i walked out of runteldat .
i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x .
i prefer to think of it as `` pootie tang with a budget . ''
i still want my money back .
idiotic and ugly .
if i want a real movie , i 'll buy the criterion dvd .
if i want music , i 'll buy the soundtrack .
if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .
if only it had the story to match .
if religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away .
if there ai n't none , you have a problem .
if you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !
if you do n't ... well , skip to another review .
if you go , pack your knitting needles .
ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .
ill-considered , unholy hokum .
in a 102-minute film , aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time .
in a word : no . .
in fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .
in other words , it 's badder than bad .
in other words , it 's just another sports drama\/character study .
in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
in the wrong hands , i.e . peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
in this case zero .
incoherence reigns .
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .
instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .
insufferably naive .
is `` ballistic '' worth the price of admission ?
is it a comedy ?
it 's pauly shore awful .
it 's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .
it 's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed .
it 's another retelling of alexandre dumas ' classic .
it 's been 20 years since 48 hrs .
it 's drab .
it 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
it 's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it .
it 's just merely very bad .
it 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .
it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .
it 's not an easy one to review .
it 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
it 's still adam sandler , and it 's not little nicky .
it 's still terrible !
it 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
it 's that painful .
it 's uninteresting .
it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow .
it did n't go straight to video .
it gets old quickly .
it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down .
it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
it is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .
it is n't scary .
it is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .
it just does n't have anything really interesting to say .
it just does n't have much else ... especially in a moral sense .
it labours as storytelling .
it may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . ''
it may even fall into the category of films you love to hate .
it may not be `` last tango in paris '' but ...
it never is , not fully .
it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .
it sucked .
it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt .
its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .
just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .
just plain bad .
just plain silly .
just send it to cranky .
killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .
lacks depth .
lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .
laughably , irredeemably awful .
lavishly , exhilaratingly tasteless .
lazy , miserable and smug .
less than fresh .
let 's hope not .
like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .
like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone .
lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .
make chan 's action sequences boring .
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .
meandering and confusing .
mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .
mildly entertaining .
mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
nair does n't use ( monsoon wedding ) to lament the loss of culture .
nevertheless , it still seems endless .
no , i hate it .
no , even that 's too committed .
no laughs .
no surprises .
no thanks .
no . .
nor is it a romantic comedy .
not as good as the original , but what is ...
not bad , but not all that good .
not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow .
not just unlikable .
nothing but an episode of smackdown !
nothing too deep or substantial .
nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .
o.k . , not really .
ok arthouse .
obvious .
odd and weird .
of all the halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .
officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
on its own , it 's not very interesting .
one lousy movie .
one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .
opera on film is never satisfactory .
or else a doggie winks .
otherwise , maybe .
otherwise , this could be a passable date film .
over and over again .
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .
painfully padded .
personally , i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet .
pompous and garbled .
possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure .
predictably melodramatic .
predictably soulless techno-tripe .
pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .
rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .
rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?
rock 's stand-up magic wanes .
romething 's really wrong with this ricture !
ruh-roh !
run for your lives !
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .
shallow .
should have gone straight to video .
shrewd but pointless .
skillful as he is , mr. shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .
sluggish , tonally uneven .
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .
so here it is : it 's about a family of sour immortals .
some movies blend together as they become distant memories .
staggeringly dreadful romance .
stale , futile scenario .
start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .
stay away .
stealing harvard ca n't even do that much .
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .
storytelling feels slight .
stress ` dumb . '
strictly middle of the road .
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .
suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .
teens only .
tends to plod .
terrible .
that 's because relatively nothing happens .
that 's its first sign of trouble .
that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .
the master of disguise is awful .
the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .
the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself .
the camera whirls !
the characters never change .
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
the fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point .
the film 's most improbable feat ?
the first fatal attraction was vile enough .
the main problem being that it 's only a peek .
the movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .
the movie is a dud .
the movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .
the movie is without intent .
the name says it all .
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game .
the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .
the premise itself is just sooooo tired .
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
the real question this movie poses is not ` who ? '
the rest of the film ... is dudsville .
the script ?
the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .
then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
there 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .
there 's already been too many of these films ...
there 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .
there 's no energy .
they just do n't work in concert .
thin period piece .
this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson 's e !
this new zealand coming-of-age movie is n't really about anything .
this film biggest problem ?
this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering .
this is just lazy writing .
this is more a case of ` sacre bleu ! '
this is n't a new idea .
this is no `` waterboy ! ''
this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .
this pathetic junk is barely an hour long .
thoroughly awful .
those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .
thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
thumbs down .
too bad .
too predictably , in fact .
trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! ''
translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard . '
truly terrible .
two-bit potboiler .
ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies .
um , no . .
um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?
unfortunately , it 's also not very good .
unfortunately , that 's precisely what arthur dong 's family fundamentals does .
unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .
unofficially , national lampoon 's van wilder is son of animal house .
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .
unwieldy contraption .
upper teens may get cynical .
utter mush ... conceited pap .
wait to see it then .
wanker goths are on the loose !
was i scared ?
watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .
we do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
we just do n't really care too much about this love story .
wedding feels a bit anachronistic .
weird .
well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .
well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
well-meaning but inert .
well-meant but unoriginal .
wewannour money back , actually .
what 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .
what 's worse is that pelosi knows it .
what an embarrassment .
what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .
when the heroes were actually under 40 ?
when the twist endings were actually surprising ?
where 's the movie here ?
where their heads were is anyone 's guess .
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear .
whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .
who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?
who cares ? ) .
why ?
why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?
wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
wishy-washy .
woefully pretentious .
woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending .
wow , a jump cut !
yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero .
yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
you 'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... '
you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
you can taste it , but there 's no fizz .
you have no affinity for most of the characters .
you know that ten bucks you 'd spend on a ticket ?
you see robin williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm .
you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .
` it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
` the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style .
` unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .
`` abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
`` freaky friday , '' it 's not .
`` sorority boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .
`` the adventures of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker .
`` what really happened ? ''
as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .
but rather , ` how can you charge money for this ? '
in period costume and with a bigger budget .
into how long is this movie ?
lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .
scenario that will give most parents pause ... then , something terrible happens .
under-rehearsed and lifeless
ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
a heavy reliance on cgi technology is beginning to creep into the series .
illuminating if overly talky documentary .
it 's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak .
ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much .
watching haneke 's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment .
but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship .
hey , who else needs a shower ?
is office work really as alienating as ` bartleby ' so effectively makes it ?
never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man .
you might not buy the ideas .
... a haunting vision , with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations .
... a well-observed and disturbing little movie
boisterous and daft documentary .
but this time there 's some mold on the gold .
do n't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches ...
fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots .
francophiles will snicker knowingly and you 'll want to slap them .
her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant .
it 's fairly self-aware in its dumbness .
it 's haunting .
it 's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be .
it took 19 predecessors to get this ?
just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat .
like a south-of-the-border melrose place .
one of ( herzog 's ) least inspired works .
still , i thought it could have been more .
still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental .
the movie is n't always easy to look at .
there has been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes .
this is pretty dicey material .
( plays ) in broad outline as pandering middle-age buddy-comedy .
( sen 's ) soap opera-ish approach undermines his good intentions .
( u ) nrelentingly stupid .
... hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves .
... an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece of work .
... fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense .
... has virtually no script at all ...
... lacks the punch and verve needed to make this genre soar .
... the sum of the parts equals largely a confused mediocrity .
... too dull to enjoy .
... too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying .
a tv episode inflated past its natural length .
a benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion .
a bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 ( k ) statement .
a bit of an unwieldy mess .
a boring , formulaic mix of serial killers and stalk 'n ' slash .
a bravura exercise in emptiness .
a chaotic panorama that 's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags .
a cinematic sleeping pill of impressive potency .
a compendium of solondz 's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes .
a cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie greased with every emotional device known to man .
a didactic and dull documentary glorifying software anarchy .
a dreadful live-action movie .
a free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments .
a frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality .
a great idea becomes a not-great movie .
a little too pat for its own good .
a long slog for anyone but the most committed pokemon fan .
a long-winded , predictable scenario .
a lousy movie that 's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable .
a mild , reluctant , thumbs down .
a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers .
a mostly tired retread of several other mob tales .
a painfully leaden film destined for pre-dawn cable television slots .
a predictable and stereotypical little b-movie .
a real clunker .
a sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage dullards .
a silly , self-indulgent film about a silly , self-indulgent filmmaker .
a sour , nasty offering .
a standard haunted house tale transplanted to the high seas .
a sudsy cautionary tale .
a trashy , exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant experience .
a turgid little history lesson , humourless and dull .
a very average science fiction film .
a well acted and well intentioned snoozer .
a whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness .
about as cutting-edge as pet rock : the movie .
about as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through .
adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse .
admirable , certainly , but not much fun to watch .
after seeing swept away , i feel sorry for madonna .
all i can say is fuhgeddaboutit .
all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click .
all this turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull .
an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions .
an awkward and indigestible movie .
an instant candidate for worst movie of the year .
an intermittently pleasing but mostly routine effort .
an overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences .
an overstuffed compendium of teen-catholic-movie dogma .
an ultra-low-budget indie debut that smacks more of good intentions than talent .
an uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously .
and forget about any attempt at a plot !
another rent installment for the ian fleming estate .
anyone who can count to five ( the film 's target market ? )
arguably the year 's silliest and most incoherent movie .
as an actor , the rock is aptly named .
aspires for the piquant but only really achieves a sort of ridiculous sourness .
at the bottom rung of the series ' entries .
automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf .
bad beyond belief and ridiculous beyond description .
barely goes beyond comic book status .
bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that .
besides , real movie producers are n't this nice .
better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine .
big fat liar is just futile silliness looking to tap into the kiddie sensibilities .
big deal !
both awful and appealing .
bullock 's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better .
cliches are as thick as the cigarette smoke .
credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter .
credibility sinks into a mire of sentiment .
creepy but ultimately unsatisfying thriller .
demands too much of most viewers .
demme 's loose approach kills the suspense .
denzel washington 's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony .
director clare kilner 's debut is never as daft as it should have been .
disturbingly superficial in its approach to the material .
divertingly ridiculous , headbangingly noisy .
do n't let your festive spirit go this far .
do n't waste your money .
does n't amount to much of anything .
drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the - past numbness .
dreary , highly annoying ... ` some body ' will appeal to no one .
ecks this one off your must-see list .
enduring love but exhausting cinema .
enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment .
even as lame horror flicks go , this is lame .
even die-hard fans of japanese animation ... will find this one a challenge .
even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad .
fails to bring as much to the table .
faultlessly professional but finally slight .
feels less like it 's about teenagers , than it was written by teenagers .
feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention .
first good , then bothersome .
flaccid drama and exasperatingly slow journey .
flashy , pretentious and as impenetrable as morvern 's thick , working-class scottish accent .
flat , but with a revelatory performance by michelle williams .
for caine lovers only .
for a shoot - 'em - up , ballistic is oddly lifeless .
frenetic but not really funny .
godawful boring slug of a movie .
great story , bad idea for a movie .
guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things .
has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags .
has the feel of an unedited personal journal .
he 'd create a movie better than this .
heavy-handed exercise in time-vaulting literary pretension .
here 's a self-congratulatory 3d imax rah-rah .
high crimes miscasts nearly every leading character .
i did n't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot .
i do n't have an i am sam clue .
i found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic .
i hate this movie
i hated every minute of it .
i regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough .
i tried to read the time on my watch .
i watched the brainless insanity of no such thing with mounting disbelief .
ihops do n't pile on this much syrup .
if melville is creatively a great whale , this film is canned tuna .
if you 're looking for comedy to be served up , better look elsewhere .
imagine a really bad community theater production of west side story without the songs .
involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd .
it 's a flashy , star-splashed reduction .
it 's a movie forged in the fires of chick flick hell .
it 's a sometimes interesting remake that does n't compare to the brilliant original .
it 's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition .
it 's all pretty cynical and condescending , too .
it 's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views .
it 's an awfully derivative story .
it 's just a silly black genre spoof .
it 's just incredibly dull .
it 's not horrible , just horribly mediocre .
it 's painful .
it becomes gimmicky instead of compelling .
it settles for being merely grim .
it smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original .
it tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world .
it will come as no surprise that the movie is n't scary .
it would have benefitted the dialogue .
its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper .
its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing .
ja rule and kurupt should have gotten to rap .
john leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie .
jolie 's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips .
julia is played with exasperating blandness by laura regan .
just a bloody mess .
just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail .
just one problem : fish out of water usually die .
lacks heart , depth and , most of all , purpose .
lame , haphazard teen comedy .
largely a for-fans artifact .
lawrence preaches strictly to the converted .
let 's cut to the consumer-advice bottom line : stay home .
let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested .
life is a crock -- or something like it .
little more than a frothy vanity project .
looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due .
made by jackasses for jackasses .
madonna still ca n't act a lick .
maudlin and melodramatic we expected .
mckay deflates his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of mean-spiritedness
moderately involving despite bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance .
most of the action setups are incoherent .
much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie .
murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous .
needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey .
neither funny nor suspenseful nor particularly well-drawn .
never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful .
no , it 's not nearly as good as any of its influences .
no movement , no yuks , not much of anything .
not even the hanson brothers can save it
nothing about it fits .
nothing more than a mediocre trifle .
nothing plot-wise is worth e-mailing home about .
now it 's just tired .
one groan-inducing familiarity begets another .
outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time .
passion , lip-synching , tragedy , and lots of really really high notes .
plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial .
pretentious editing ruins a potentially terrific flick .
propelled not by characters but by caricatures .
quick : who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security ?
rainy days and movies about the disintegration of families always get me down .
say this for the soundtrack , it drowns out the lousy dialogue .
schindler 's list it ai n't .
secret ballot is too contemplative to be really funny .
shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme .
she lists ingredients , but never mixes and stirs .
shocking only in that it reveals the filmmaker 's bottomless pit of self-absorption .
showtime is closer to slowtime .
so what is the point ?
some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations .
somehow both wildly implausible and strangely conventional .
sometimes smart but more often sophomoric .
static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold !
still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral .
suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video .
suffocated at conception by its munchausen-by-proxy mum .
sushi for the connoisseurs of the macabre .
technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial .
that 's the only sane rationale i can think of for swimfan 's existence .
the gantzes ' interviews tend to let the guys off the hook .
the master of disaster - it 's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy .
the acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with csokas particularly unconnected .
the actors are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus .
the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging .
the central story lacks punch .
the enormous comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat remains sadly unrealized .
the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious .
the film 's center will not hold .
the film is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off .
the film is really not so much bad as bland .
the film seems a dead weight .
the ill-conceived modern-day ending falls flat where it should deliver a moral punch .
the issue of faith is not explored very deeply
the journey toward redemption feels more like a cinematic experiment than a full-blown movie .
the movie 's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension .
the movie bounces all over the map .
the movie gets muted and routine .
the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs .
the movie quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable .
the movie succumbs to being nothing more than a formulaic chase in the dark .
the plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness .
the result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached .
the screenplay sabotages the movie 's strengths at almost every juncture .
the sequel has turned completely and irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense .
the sort of movie that gives tastelessness a bad rap .
the stories here suffer from the chosen format .
the story ... is moldy and obvious .
the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough .
the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence .
the stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002 's first quarter .
the thrill is ( long ) gone .
the timing in nearly every scene seems a half beat off .
the title 's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is .
the tone shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy .
the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome .
the whole damn thing is ripe for the jerry springer crowd .
then lower them a bit more .
there 's not enough to sustain the comedy .
there is not an ounce of honesty in the entire production .
this formulaic chiller will do little to boost stallone 's career .
this ill-fitting tuxedo is strictly off-the-rack .
this is junk food cinema at its greasiest .
this one 's weaker than most .
this time kaufman 's imagination has failed him .
though it draws several decent laughs , it 's low-cal woody at best .
to portray modern women the way director davis has done is just unthinkable .
tom green just gives them a bad odor .
too close to phantom menace for comfort .
too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining .
too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise .
too simple for its own good .
topkapi this is not .
trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere .
undercover brother does n't go far enough .
uneasy mishmash of styles and genres .
verbinski substitutes atmosphere for action , tedium for thrills .
vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe ghost ship .
warmed-over tarantino by way of wannabe elmore leonard .
well , it does go on forever .
well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons .
what was subtle and mystifying in the novella is now broad and farcical .
when it comes to entertainment , children deserve better than pokemon 4ever .
when the plot kicks in , the film loses credibility .
you 'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .
you 'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot .
you 're better off staying home and watching the x-files .
you 're too conscious of the effort it takes to be this spontaneous .
you can practically smell the patchouli oil .
you could nap for an hour and not miss a thing .
can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going .
fear dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense .
... watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life .
a very bad sign .
a waste of good performances .
a well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless .
aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend .
after that , it just gets stupid and maudlin .
alas , it 's neither .
all the characters are stereotypes , and their interaction is numbingly predictable .
almost everything else is wan .
although the editing might have been tighter , hush !
an ungainly , comedy-deficient , b-movie rush job ...
apparently kissing leads to suicide attempts and tragic deaths .
as are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness .
b . ) that sure is pathetic !
bears is bad .
ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy 's intrepid hero ?
boring we did n't .
but i was n't .
but as a movie , it 's a humorless , disjointed mess .
but director danny devito and screenwriter adam resnick ( remember cabin boy ? )
but even a hero can stumble sometimes .
but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour .
but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .
but here 's the real damn : it is n't funny , either .
but in 2002 , such revelations wilt .
but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .
but the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored .
but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing .
could the country bears really be as bad as its trailers ?
d.j . qualls as indiana jones ?
even the unwatchable soapdish is more original .
extremely boring .
extremely confusing .
extremely dumb .
filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low .
gee , a second assassin shot kennedy ?
guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens .
haneke keeps us at arm 's length .
has it ever been possible to say that williams has truly inhabited a character ?
he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about .
high on melodrama .
his warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos .
hmm .
how did it ever get made ?
i just did n't care as much for the story .
i wonder why .
in the end , white oleander is n't an adaptation of a novel .
insomnia is involving .
instead , we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy .
is this progress ?
it 's also stupider .
it 's laughing at us .
it might as well have been problem child iv .
it would n't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $ 7.00 .
leave these flowers unpicked -- they 're dead on the vine .
like mike does n't win any points for originality .
marisa tomei is good , but just a kiss is just a mess .
maybe i found the proceedings a little bit too conventional .
men in black ii has sequel-itis something fierce .
mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness .
moot point .
my response to the film is best described as lukewarm .
no more .
no . .
not so much a movie as a picture book for the big screen .
notorious c.h.o . has oodles of vulgar highlights .
now , if it only had a brain .
now it 's a bad , embarrassing movie .
obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of hey arnold !
oedekerk wrote patch adams , for which he should not be forgiven .
or , you can do something fun tonight .
or some damn thing .
overall , the film misses the brilliance of jelinek 's novel by some way .
philip k. dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach .
punish the vehicle to adore the star .
remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ?
ridiculous .
scotland , pa. blurs the line between black comedy and black hole .
scotland , pa. is a strangely drab romp .
some studio pizazz might have helped .
sometimes , that 's enough .
sorry , charlie
still , i 'm not quite sure what the point is ...
the ending is a cop-out .
the movie makes absolutely no sense .
the problem , it is with most of these things , is the script .
these are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future .
they felt like the same movie to me .
thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking .
this is n't a `` friday '' worth waiting for .
too bad the former murphy brown does n't pop reese back .
unfortunately , the picture failed to capture me .
wait for video -- and then do n't rent it .
what happened with pluto nash ?
what parents will suspect is that they 're watching a 76-minute commercial .
without september 11 , collateral damage would have been just another bad movie .
you 've seen them a million times .
`` an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . ''
`` my god , i 'm behaving like an idiot ! ''
just pound away .
a stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for kissinger as a calculating war criminal .
half submarine flick , half ghost story , all in one criminally neglected film
this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film .
ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine .
a thinly veiled look at different aspects of chinese life clashing with each other .
an absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss .
an appealingly juvenile trifle that delivers its share of laughs and smiles .
claude chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , but that 's okay .
creepy , authentic and dark .
it 's like watching a nightmare made flesh .
kept aloft largely by a comically adept ensemble .
moretti 's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss .
nothing is sacred in this gut-buster .
this film seems thirsty for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities .
this is it .
unflinchingly bleak and desperate
( a ) shapeless blob of desperate entertainment .
... nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects .
... the movie is just a plain old monster .
a beautifully made piece of unwatchable drivel .
a better title , for all concerned , might be swept under the rug .
a bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance ...
a broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that 's pretty toxic in its own right .
a by-the-numbers effort that wo n't do much to enhance the franchise .
a cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of ( besson 's ) earlier work .
a coarse and stupid gross-out .
a great ensemble cast ca n't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar .
a perplexing example of promise unfulfilled , despite many charming moments .
a sequel that 's much too big for its britches .
a sequence of ridiculous shoot - 'em - up scenes .
a sometimes tedious film .
a string of rehashed sight gags based in insipid vulgarity .
a valueless kiddie paean to pro basketball underwritten by the nba .
a wildly inconsistent emotional experience .
almost gags on its own gore .
american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize .
an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story .
an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce .
an unclassifiably awful study in self - and audience-abuse .
an unwise amalgam of broadcast news and vibes .
as vulgar as it is banal .
at once half-baked and overheated .
bad .
barely gets off the ground .
basically a static series of semi-improvised ( and semi-coherent ) raps between the stars .
big fat waste of time .
burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast .
but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ?
chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum .
comes ... uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief .
complete lack of originality , cleverness or even visible effort
coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit .
deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness .
detox is ultimately a pointless endeavor .
dilbert without the right-on satiric humor .
directed in a paint-by-numbers manner .
do not see this film .
dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but costner , flailing away .
dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled .
even film silliness needs a little gravity , beyond good hair and humping .
excessive , profane , packed with cartoonish violence and comic-strip characters .
expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery .
fancy a real downer ?
forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending .
has all the depth of a wading pool .
historical dramas fused with love triangle is a well worn conceit .
holden caulfield did it better .
i 'd have to say the star and director are the big problems here .
i 'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film .
i 'm just too bored to care .
i got a headache watching this meaningless downer .
if it 's seldom boring , well , it 's also rarely coherent .
if only the story about a multi-million dollar con bothered to include the con .
indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie .
instead of hiding pinocchio from critics , miramax should have hidden it from everyone .
it 's a buggy drag .
it 's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job .
it 's basically an overlong episode of tales from the crypt .
it 's dumb , but more importantly , it 's just not scary .
it 's everything you do n't go to the movies for .
it 's not the ultimate depression-era gangster movie .
it 's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions .
it all feels like a monty python sketch gone horribly wrong .
it appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen .
it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal .
it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment .
it treats women like idiots .
it uses the pain and violence of war as background material for color .
just one bad idea after another .
k-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap hollywood tension .
less dizzying than just dizzy , the jaunt is practically over before it begins .
looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen .
made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with childhood loss .
makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience .
manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane .
mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity .
mom and dad can catch some quality naptime along the way .
more maudlin than sharp .
more whiny downer than corruscating commentary .
movie fans , get ready to take off ... the other direction .
my reaction in a word : disappointment .
nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns .
nervous breakdowns are not entertaining .
new best friend 's playboy-mansion presentation of college life is laugh-out-loud ludicrous .
no telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie .
no way i can believe this load of junk .
not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions .
not exactly the bees knees
not only unfunny , but downright repellent .
one long string of cliches .
or emptying rat traps .
outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent .
over age 15 ?
plays like a volatile and overlong w magazine fashion spread .
prurient playthings aside , there 's little to love about this english trifle .
pumpkin wants to have it both ways .
rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign .
rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment .
sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance .
scorsese does n't give us a character worth giving a damn about .
serving sara does n't serve up a whole lot of laughs .
should have been someone else -
simplistic fluff-ball of whimsy .
so unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines .
teen movies have really hit the skids .
the cold turkey would 've been a far better title .
the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did .
the actors are appealing , but elysian fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental .
the entire movie is about a boring , sad man being boring and sad .
the film 's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go .
the ga-zillionth airhead movie about a wife in distress who resorts to desperate measures .
the heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence .
the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant .
the idea of 49-year-old roberto benigni playing the wooden boy pinocchio is scary enough .
the lower your expectations , the more you 'll enjoy it .
the movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts .
the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones .
there 's not enough here to justify the almost two hours .
there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through .
they should have called it gutterball .
they takes a long time to get to its gasp-inducing ending .
this is her blue lagoon .
this is n't even madonna 's swept away .
this is nothing but familiar territory .
this is so bad .
this movie is maddening .
this one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics .
too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped .
too much of the humor falls flat .
too slow , too long and too little happens .
trite , banal , cliched , mostly inoffensive .
verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies .
whaley 's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting .
what was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian .
a by-the-numbers patient\/doctor pic that covers all the usual ground
just not campy enough
... is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri .
all that 's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight .
and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea .
and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new .
at its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
but it 's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle .
but it could have been worse .
but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell .
but this films lacks the passion required to sell the material .
but what are adults doing in the theater at all ?
for aids and africa are nothing more than part of the scenery .
for starters , the story is just too slim .
i do n't think i laughed out loud once .
i had to look away - this was god awful .
if the first men in black was money , the second is small change .
is this love or is it masochism ?
it 's a scathing portrayal .
it 's just filler .
it 's slow -- very , very slow .
just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .
like you could n't smell this turkey rotting from miles away .
no aspirations to social import inform the movie version .
not nearly long enough .
of course , by more objective measurements it 's still quite bad .
oh come on .
or doing last year 's taxes with your ex-wife .
part low rent godfather .
scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence .
socrates motions for hemlock .
some of it is clever , but it is never melodic \/
something like scrubbing the toilet .
stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad .
suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative .
that 's a cheat .
that 's pure pr hype .
the end result is a film that 's neither .
the problem with this film is that it lacks focus .
there 's no emotional pulse to solaris .
there can be no other explanation .
there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer .
this movie seems to have been written using mad-libs .
unfortunately , it 's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies .
very bad .
what 's next : `` my mother the car ? ''
why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ?
yes , ballistic is silly .
yes , dull .
you wo n't like roger , but you will quickly recognize him .
`` the time machine '' is a movie that has no interest in itself .
columns from ladies home journal ...
is not easy .
when leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .
