classic cinema served up with heart and humor
insightfully written , delicately performed
yet the act is still charming here .
( a ) wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .
( reaches ) wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .
... a lesson in prehistoric hilarity .
... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .
... begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .
... very funny , very enjoyable ...
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .
a captivating new film .
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .
a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy .
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc .
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .
a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .
a no-holds-barred cinematic treat .
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .
a rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .
a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .
a slick , engrossing melodrama .
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .
a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .
a stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch .
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .
a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .
a three-hour cinema master class .
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community .
a weird , arresting little ride .
a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .
a witty , whimsical feature debut .
allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .
allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .
an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .
an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch .
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .
an exhilarating serving of movie fluff .
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view .
an impeccable study in perversity .
an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco ...
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .
as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine .
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time .
but darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .
by no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .
by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny .
by turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .
certainly the performances are worthwhile .
cho 's timing is priceless .
clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...
cusack 's just brilliant in this .
despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving .
director david jacobson gives dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims .
duvall is strong as always .
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .
elegant , mannered and teasing .
even the digressions are funny .
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee .
familiar but utterly delightful .
films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days .
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement .
he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .
heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension .
hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being .
hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .
i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie .
i liked this film a lot ...
i loved this film .
i will be .
it 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .
it 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .
it 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .
it 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .
it 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .
it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .
it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .
it is also beautifully acted .
it is definitely worth seeing .
it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .
its sheer dynamism is infectious .
jeffrey tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is oscar-worthy .
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .
knows how to make our imagination wonder .
lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .
malcolm mcdowell is cool .
maybe thomas wolfe was right : you ca n't go home again .
melodrama with a message .
meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .
miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .
nair does n't treat the issues lightly .
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead .
pacino is the best he 's been in years and keener is marvelous .
perhaps the best sports movie i 've ever seen .
poetry in motion captured on film .
poignant and delicately complex .
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis .
ryan gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective .
sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative .
she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances .
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .
strange it is , but delightfully so .
succeeds only because bullock and grant were made to share the silver screen .
sweet and memorable film .
the mothman prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .
the pianist is polanski 's best film .
the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make .
the casting of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke .
the charming result is festival in cannes .
the entire cast is extraordinarily good .
the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .
the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .
the film has several strong performances .
the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .
the film offers an intriguing what-if premise .
the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance .
the performances are remarkable .
the pitch must have read like a discarded house beautiful spread .
there 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .
there 's no reason to miss interview with the assassin
there 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau .
there are no special effects , and no hollywood endings .
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .
this beautifully animated epic is never dull .
this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .
this is a movie you can trust .
this story still seems timely and important .
this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .
tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to liyan 's backyard .
time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .
told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .
top-notch action powers this romantic drama .
watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .
what 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day .
imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor
is one of this year 's very best pictures .
there is truth here
( a ) devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama .
( a ) real pleasure in its laid-back way .
( a ) smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks .
( allen ) manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .
( barry ) gives assassin a disquieting authority .
( fincher 's ) camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .
( sports ) admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .
( westbrook ) makes a wonderful subject for the camera .
( woo 's ) most resonant film since the killer .
... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet .
... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...
... a guiltless film for nice evening out .
... a solid , well-formed satire .
... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .
... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...
... an interesting slice of history .
... manages to fall closer in quality to silence than to the abysmal hannibal .
... one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' .
... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .
... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .
a french film with a more down-home flavor .
a beautifully observed character piece .
a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea .
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .
a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .
a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .
a charmer from belgium .
a charming but slight comedy .
a chilling movie without oppressive gore .
a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness .
a classy , sprightly spin on film .
a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .
a coming-of-age movie that hollywood would n't have the guts to make .
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany 's democratic weimar republic .
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .
a conventional but heartwarming tale .
a creaky staircase gothic .
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france 's most inventive directors .
a dazzling dream of a documentary .
a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .
a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .
a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children .
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man .
a film in a class with spike lee 's masterful do the right thing .
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .
a film of quiet power .
a film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .
a film that will enthrall the whole family .
a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .
a flawed but engrossing thriller .
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .
a flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile .
a gem of a movie .
a giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .
a gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .
a haunting tale of murder and mayhem .
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .
a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .
a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .
a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .
a little better than sorcerer 's stone .
a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .
a lovely film for the holiday season .
a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .
a manically generous christmas vaudeville .
a meditation on faith and madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff .
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .
a mess , but it 's a sincere mess .
a mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book .
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ...
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .
a modestly surprising movie .
a moving , if uneven , success .
a moving and important film .
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .
a moving story of determination and the human spirit .
a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .
a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film .
a piquant meditation on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness .
a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .
a pleasing , often-funny comedy .
a poignant comedy that offers food for thought .
a portrait of an artist .
a portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake .
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian ... life .
a pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy .
a quiet , disquieting triumph .
a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 .
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .
a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .
a riveting story well told .
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .
a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .
a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .
a slight but sweet film .
a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .
a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect .
a small movie with a big impact .
a smart , compelling drama .
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .
a smart little indie .
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong .
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .
a stirring road movie .
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .
a surprisingly funny movie .
a tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .
a taut , sobering film .
a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi .
a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy .
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy .
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .
a tone poem of transgression .
a tremendous piece of work .
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .
a very capable nailbiter .
a very charming and funny movie .
a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
a weird and wonderful comedy .
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .
a well-put-together piece of urban satire .
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary .
a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .
a winning and wildly fascinating work .
a witty , low-key romantic comedy .
a wonderful , ghastly film .
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .
about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .
adaptation is simply brilliant .
all in all , a great party .
amazing !
an asian neo-realist treasure .
an affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ...
an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .
an awfully good , achingly human picture .
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .
an elegant and sly deadpan comedy .
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .
an escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .
an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .
an extraordinary dramatic experience .
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china .
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance .
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula .
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .
an original little film about one young woman 's education .
an overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film ...
an unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood .
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen .
an unflinching look at the world 's dispossessed .
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez .
arguably the best script that besson has written in years .
arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice .
as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .
at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .
awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom .
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .
blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances .
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .
bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .
brave and sweetly rendered love story .
brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film .
bring tissues .
brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women 's depression .
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results .
but it does have one saving grace .
by the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .
caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .
chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .
chances are you wo n't , either .
charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .
chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america .
cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .
cold , nervy and memorable .
compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .
consummate actor barry has done excellent work here .
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .
coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .
crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy .
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .
creeps you out in high style , even if nakata did it better .
cube 's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche .
damon brings the proper conviction to his role as ( jason bourne ) .
darkly funny and frequently insightful .
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .
definitely worth 95 minutes of your time .
deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film .
delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .
delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history .
despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .
discursive but oddly riveting documentary .
does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
douglas mcgrath 's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically .
drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .
elvira fans could hardly ask for more .
enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .
enticing and often funny documentary .
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare i say , entertaining !
eric byler 's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations ...
evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .
even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .
every child 's story is what matters .
everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing .
exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming .
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .
exhilarating but blatantly biased .
fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .
ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .
fierce , glaring and unforgettable .
film ca n't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout .
films are made of little moments .
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
foster and whitaker are especially fine .
from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
fulford-wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .
garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work .
gently humorous and touching .
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre .
good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing .
great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .
handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy .
hard , endearing , caring , warm .
hardly a film that comes along every day .
has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .
has its share of arresting images .
has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .
he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
his work with actors is particularly impressive .
huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .
i 'd watch these two together again in a new york minute .
i could n't recommend this film more .
i have n't laughed that hard in years !
i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .
i like it .
i like this movie a lot .
i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
i loved the look of this film .
i simply ca n't recommend it enough .
ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon
if horses could fly , this is surely what they 'd look like .
if this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun .
if you grew up on scooby -- you 'll love this movie .
if you like peace , you 'll like promises .
if you love him , you 'll like it .
igby goes down is one of those movies .
insanely hilarious !
intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .
interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story .
inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .
it 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .
it 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .
it 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
it 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style .
it 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .
it 's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .
it 's a talking head documentary , but a great one .
it 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .
it 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .
it 's all a rather shapeless good time ...
it 's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work .
it 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .
it 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
it 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .
it 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .
it 's mostly a pleasure to watch .
it 's never dull and always looks good .
it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer .
it 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
it 's stylishly directed with verve ...
it 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .
it 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .
it 's that good .
it 's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .
it 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .
it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .
it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .
it is a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one .
it is a likable story , told with competence .
it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .
it is quite a vision .
it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .
it is there to give them a good time .
it is up to you to decide if you need to see it .
it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .
it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .
it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .
it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .
it trusts the story it sets out to tell .
its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .
its director 's most substantial feature for some time .
its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .
its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .
jackson is always watchable .
jeong-hyang lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .
just how these families interact may surprise you .
just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .
k 19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick
k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn .
kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .
kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .
kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .
labute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
leigh makes these lives count .
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .
less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990 .
life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why .
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community .
like all of egoyan 's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .
maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements .
majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .
makes one thing abundantly clear .
mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise .
manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .
marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .
marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .
maryam is more timely now than ever .
matthew lillard is born to play shaggy !
meant for star wars fans .
miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .
mordantly funny and intimately knowing ...
more good than great but freeman and judd make it work .
morton deserves an oscar nomination .
morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .
mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .
narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .
nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending .
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming .
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .
not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
not the best herzog perhaps , but unmistakably herzog .
noyce has worked wonders with the material .
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .
offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .
offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing .
offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film .
on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
one ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .
one of the best movies of the year .
one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .
one of the greatest films i 've ever seen .
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .
one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .
one of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .
otto-sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye .
overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .
ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .
parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature .
performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances .
photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic .
piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .
pipe dream does have its charms .
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... bisset is both convincing and radiant .
poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .
pray has really done his subject justice .
pretty good little movie .
promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination .
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust .
quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to .
quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .
qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere .
rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .
renner ?
renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language .
rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .
rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance .
ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel .
samuel beckett applied to the iranian voting process .
scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario .
secretary is just too original to be ignored .
see it for his performance if nothing else .
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .
she boxes these women 's souls right open for us .
she may not be real , but the laughs are .
she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
slight but enjoyable documentary .
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play .
smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem .
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .
so could young romantics out on a date .
soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film .
sorvino is delightful in the central role .
sparse but oddly compelling .
speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .
strange and beautiful film .
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .
superb production values & christian bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot .
surprisingly powerful and universal .
sweetly sexy , funny and touching .
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .
tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun .
terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life .
that , in itself , is extraordinary .
the 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you ca n't fight your culture .
the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it .
the cat 's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich ...
the fast runner ' transports the viewer into an unusual space
the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .
the komediant is a tale worth catching .
the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian .
the all-french cast is marveilleux .
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date .
the biggest problem with this movie is that it 's not nearly long enough .
the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .
the cast comes through even when the movie does n't .
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .
the characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .
the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne
the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino .
the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .
the film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome .
the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .
the film is full of charm .
the film is insightful about kissinger 's background and history .
the film is one of the year 's best .
the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .
the film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .
the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .
the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .
the gags are often a stitch .
the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies .
the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .
the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .
the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing .
the movie is a trove of delights .
the movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat .
the movie is brilliant , really .
the movie should be credited with remembering his victims .
the obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .
the observations of this social\/economic\/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
the performances are uniformly good .
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable .
the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .
the results , if not memorable , are at least interesting .
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold .
the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .
the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .
the simplicity of the way home has few equals this side of aesop
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
the strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film .
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure .
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing .
there 's a lot to recommend read my lips .
there 's no clear picture of who killed bob crane .
there 's something about a marching band that gets me where i live .
there are moments of hilarity to be had .
there is greatness here .
there is no denying the power of polanski 's film ...
this big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards .
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .
this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers .
this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .
this is a superior horror flick .
this is a very funny , heartwarming film .
this is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer .
this is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be .
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
this is one of the year 's best films .
this is pure , exciting moviemaking .
this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive .
this may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen .
this one is strictly a lightweight escapist film .
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces .
though not for everyone , the guys is a somber trip worth taking .
thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .
throwing it all away for the fleeting joys of love 's brief moment .
together writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .
trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease .
transforms one of ( shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .
tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .
undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .
uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof .
uneven but a lot of fun .
unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .
unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .
vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order .
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
very well-written and very well-acted .
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction .
visually striking and viscerally repellent .
vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women .
we 're drawn in by the dark luster .
we get an image of big papa spanning history , rather than suspending it .
we want the funk - and this movie 's got it .
weird , vulgar comedy that 's definitely an acquired taste .
what i saw , i enjoyed .
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .
what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .
what makes it worth watching is quaid 's performance .
what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .
what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves .
while puerile men dominate the story , the women shine .
while the story 's undeniably hard to follow , iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .
wiseman reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror .
witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .
witty , vibrant , and intelligent .
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .
works because reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .
worth a look as a curiosity .
worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .
worth catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance .
worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia .
wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ?
you 'll end up moved .
you 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .
you do n't want to call the cops .
you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .
you wo n't exactly know what 's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted .
you wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies .
` blue crush ' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award .
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite .
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
( a ) satisfying niblet .
( a ) strong piece of work .
( a ) thoughtful , visually graceful work .
( at least ) moore is a real charmer .
( kirshner wins , but it 's close . )
, the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .
... a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .
... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .
... a solid , unassuming drama .
... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .
... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
... could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 .
... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ...
... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .
... standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .
... the plot weaves us into a complex web .
... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .
a beautiful paean to a time long past .
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals .
a brutal and funny work .
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...
a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother\/daughter relationship .
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist .
a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams .
a feature-length , r-rated , road-trip version of mama 's family .
a film with a great premise but only a great premise .
a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .
a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .
a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary .
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .
a gentle and engrossing character study .
a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz .
a great companion piece to other napoleon films .
a gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn jerusalem .
a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .
a hidden-agenda drama that shouts classic french nuance .
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .
a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans .
a lot smarter than your average bond .
a lovably old-school hollywood confection .
a lovely and beautifully photographed romance .
a marvel of production design .
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .
a melancholy , emotional film .
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity .
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .
a movie of riveting power and sadness .
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .
a perceptive , good-natured movie .
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall .
a rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by epps .
a remarkable film by bernard rose .
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .
a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .
a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot .
a seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili .
a sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale .
a small gem from belgium .
a small movie with a big heart .
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .
a solidly entertaining little film .
a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given .
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .
a tour de force of modern cinema .
a very pretty after-school special .
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .
a virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze .
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun .
a wildly entertaining scan of evans ' career .
a wry , affectionate delight .
about schmidt is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear .
adam sandler !
all three women deliver remarkable performances .
almost .
alternately frustrating and rewarding .
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
an ambitious and moving but bleak film .
an amused indictment of jaglom 's own profession .
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't .
an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
an enjoyable above average summer diversion .
an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .
an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .
an enthralling , entertaining feature .
an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it .
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .
an involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings .
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .
an uplifting , largely bogus story .
another best of the year selection .
any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .
as happily glib and vicious as its characters .
as it turns out , you can go home again .
as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .
as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant .
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne 's novel .
beautifully directed and convincingly acted .
beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .
best indie of the year , so far .
bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .
bill morrison 's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .
bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie .
bluto blutarsky , we miss you .
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .
both damning and damned compelling .
boy oh boy , it 's a howler .
bring on the sequel .
broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary .
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .
buy popcorn .
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit .
by turns very dark and very funny .
can you bear the laughter ?
cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
certainly .
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans .
charlotte sometimes is a gem .
charming , if overly complicated ...
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon wo n't be disappointed .
consider this review life-affirming .
consistently clever and suspenseful .
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .
courtney chases stuart with a cell phone .
daring and beautifully made .
deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant .
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .
despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .
enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .
even better than the first one !
everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere .
exhilarating , funny and fun .
features fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .
ferrara 's best film in years .
for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
gets better after foster leaves that little room .
gives everyone something to shout about .
gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances .
grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .
happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .
has a solid emotional impact .
has its charming quirks and its dull spots .
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .
he 's a better actor than a standup comedian .
he 's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer .
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .
his work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .
hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense .
i 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up .
i liked a lot of the smaller scenes .
i liked it just enough .
if borstal boy is n't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece .
if jews were catholics , this would be catechism
if it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .
if you 've the patience , there are great rewards here .
in imax in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .
in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .
in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .
innocuous enough to make even jean-claude van damme look good .
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .
interesting , but not compelling .
intriguing and downright intoxicating .
it 's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .
it 's a scorcher .
it 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .
it 's a sight to behold .
it 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .
it 's a very valuable film ...
it 's about time .
it 's always enthralling .
it 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
it 's definitely a step in the right direction .
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .
it 's not hateful .
it 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .
it 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .
it 's worth taking the kids to .
it can be safely recommended as a video\/dvd babysitter .
it deserves to be seen everywhere .
it does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer .
it will break your heart many times over .
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .
jonathan parker 's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .
jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .
less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .
like brosnan 's performance , evelyn comes from the heart .
manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .
manages to delight without much of a story .
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .
merci pour le movie .
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
michel piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .
mild , meandering teen flick .
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
more of a career curio than a major work .
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch .
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .
much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .
no big hairy deal .
norton is magnetic as graham .
nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .
oh , james !
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .
oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition .
one funny popcorn flick .
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...
one of the funnier movies in town .
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .
one of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history .
oozes condescension from every pore .
overall , interesting as a documentary -- but not very imaxy .
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .
part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .
performances are potent , and the women 's stories are ably intercut and involving .
poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .
provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all .
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
red dragon makes one appreciate silence of the lambs .
reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show .
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .
road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .
robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates .
romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .
russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage .
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .
scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
schrader examines crane 's decline with unblinking candor .
sex with strangers is fascinating ...
shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material
significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .
silly , loud and goofy .
simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad .
sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! )
sly , sophisticated and surprising .
smarter than its commercials make it seem .
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike .
spare but quietly effective retelling .
splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .
steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it .
take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .
tells a fascinating , compelling story .
thanks to ice cube , benjamins feels an awful lot like friday in miami .
that is because - damn it !
the beauty of alexander payne 's ode to the everyman is in the details .
the beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor .
the best film of the year 2002 .
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie .
the cast is phenomenal , especially the women .
the closest thing to the experience of space travel
the comedy makes social commentary more palatable .
the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .
the film 's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling .
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) .
the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .
the film oozes craft .
the film truly does rescue ( the funk brothers ) from motown 's shadows .
the formula is familiar but enjoyable .
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .
the innocence of holiday cheer ai n't what it used to be .
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of .
the locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .
the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases
the most anti-human big studio picture since 3000 miles to graceland .
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films .
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich .
the movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious .
the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .
the next big thing 's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut .
the performances are an absolute joy .
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .
the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
the rare imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour .
the respective charms of sandra bullock and hugh grant have worn threadbare .
the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
the result might look like vulgar .
the script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks .
the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .
the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .
the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .
the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees .
their work is fantastic .
there 's a lot of tooth in roger dodger .
there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ...
they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .
they were right .
this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .
this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .
this is amusing for about three minutes .
this is the best star trek movie in a long time .
this is the stuff that disney movies are made of .
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .
this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot .
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
too clever by about nine-tenths .
tsai ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ?
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .
uplifting , funny and wise .
very predictable but still entertaining
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy .
watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode .
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .
while the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other .
who is the audience for cletis tout ?
williams absolutely nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .
wise and deadpan humorous .
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .
woody allen has really found his groove these days .
works as pretty contagious fun .
ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .
you 'll know a star when you see one .
you could put it on a coffee table anywhere .
you have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie 's failings .
you have to see it .
you will likely prefer to keep on watching .
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .
` tobey maguire is a poster boy for the geek generation . '
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed
may prove to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece .
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
... generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish .
a dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires .
a fascinating but choppy documentary .
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '
a romance ?
a well-acted movie that simply does n't gel .
clayburgh and tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves eric schaeffer .
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .
despite the pyrotechnics , narc is strictly by the book .
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .
essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .
for single digits kidlets stuart little 2 is still a no brainer .
generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it 's not without style .
hey arnold !
i 'm guessing the director is a magician .
i highly recommend irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him .
it 's better than the phantom menace .
it 's harmless , diverting fluff .
occasionally funny , sometimes inspiring , often boring .
overall , it 's a pretty mediocre family film .
sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness .
slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot .
the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding .
the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .
there 's something not entirely convincing about the quiet american .
this is the first full scale wwii flick from hong kong 's john woo .
too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could 've been an impacting film .
what is the filmmakers ' point ?
will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss .
yes .
you end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that .
ze movie starts out so funny , then she is nothing .
( an ) absorbing documentary .
... a preachy parable stylized with a touch of john woo bullet ballet .
a meatballs for the bare-midriff generation .
a glossy knock-off of a b-movie revenge flick .
a preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in brooklyn circa 1958 .
a quaint , romanticized rendering .
a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity .
a tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship .
a well-acted , but one-note film .
a wordy wisp of a comedy .
absolutely ( and unintentionally ) terrifying .
alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .
an ambitious ` what if ? '
an encouraging effort from mccrudden
an uplifting drama ... what antwone fisher is n't , however , is original .
are monsters born , or made ?
as a film director , labute continues to improve .
as it stands it 's an opera movie for the buffs .
at a brief 42 minutes , we need more x and less blab .
by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .
ca n't seem to get anywhere near the story 's center .
catch it ... if you can !
charming and funny ( but ultimately silly ) movie .
competently directed but terminally cute drama .
demeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material .
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum .
deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits .
earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .
earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock .
enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .
falls short in explaining the music and its roots .
far more enjoyable than its predecessor .
feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum .
frank capra played this story straight .
freundlich 's made ( crudup ) a suburban architect , and a cipher .
good performances keep it from being a total rehash .
handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism .
he 's worked too hard on this movie .
hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud .
hollywood 's answer to an air ball .
i 'll go out on a limb .
i saw juwanna mann so you do n't have to .
i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd .
in moonlight mile , no one gets shut out of the hug cycle .
in this film , aussie david caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of guy ritchie .
initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience .
initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama .
interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen
it 's a masterpiece .
it 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .
it 's everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more .
it 's exactly what you 'd expect .
it 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .
it 's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge .
it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .
just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love .
ken russell would love this .
lillard and cardellini earn their scooby snacks , but not anyone else .
new yorkers always seem to find the oddest places to dwell ...
nice piece of work .
ninety minutes of viva castro !
not a bad premise , but the execution is lackluster at best .
nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick .
one fantastic ( and educational ) documentary .
perhaps the most annoying thing about who is cletis tout ?
please .
please see previous answer .
really dumb but occasionally really funny .
represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller\/horror genre .
simone is not a bad film .
slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious .
smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .
spy-vs .
still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing .
strident and inelegant in its ` message-movie ' posturing .
the armenian genocide deserves a more engaged and honest treatment .
the balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman .
the dangerous lives of altar boys ' take on adolescence feels painfully true .
the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .
the campy results make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated .
the concept is a hoot .
the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments .
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
the film virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness .
the filmmaker 's heart is in the right place ...
the movie 's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness .
the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments .
the movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy .
the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .
the plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back .
the same should go for movie theaters .
the script is smart , not cloying .
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese .
they should have found orson welles ' great-grandson .
third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby !
too daft by half ... but supremely good natured .
troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal .
two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .
very well made , but does n't generate a lot of tension .
visually , ` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .
what 's next ?
when the violence actually shocked ?
whether quitting will prove absorbing to american audiences is debatable .
while hoffman 's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere .
while the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think .
will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
wins my vote for ` the 2002 enemy of cinema ' award .
worse than ` silence of the lambs ' better than ` hannibal '
would i see it again ?
writer\/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results .
you can thank me for this .
your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but .
zoom !
displays the potential for a better movie than what bailly manages to deliver
has some visual wit ... but little imagination elsewhere .
is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing .
made eddie murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .
more precious than perspicacious
( it ) has the feel of a summer popcorn movie .
, `` they 're out there ! ''
, is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
- i also wanted a little alien as a friend !
-- but certainly hard to hate .
... `` bowling for columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
... a great , participatory spectator sport . '
... a light , yet engrossing piece .
... a true delight .
... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .
... quite endearing .
... will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks .
... wise and elegiac ...
a beautiful , entertaining two hours .
a case in point : doug pray 's scratch .
a compelling film .
a drama ?
a dreary indulgence .
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .
a faster paced family flick .
a film of delicate interpersonal dances .
a fun ride .
a funny film .
a genuine mind-bender .
a glorious mess .
a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold .
a good thriller .
a gripping drama .
a little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .
a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange .
a lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman 's point-of-view .
a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan .
a modest masterpiece .
a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned .
a riveting documentary .
a sense of real magic , perhaps .
a serious movie with serious ideas .
a stylish thriller .
a tasty masala .
a thought-provoking picture .
a true pleasure .
a true-blue delight .
a well-executed spy-thriller .
a. . .
about schmidt belongs to nicholson .
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .
after seeing ` analyze that , ' i feel better already .
ah , what the hell .
alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes .
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous .
amazingly dopey .
an easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character .
an enjoyable experience .
an excellent sequel .
an exhilarating experience .
an impressive hybrid .
an intoxicating experience .
an intriguing near-miss .
an uplifting , near-masterpiece .
and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
and vin diesel is the man .
and educational !
and for many of us , that 's good enough .
and how .
and it is .
and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .
and thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
and that makes all the difference .
and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
and there 's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .
and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
and we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
and yet , it still works .
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . '
as a science fiction movie , `` minority report '' astounds .
as a vehicle to savour binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer .
at its best , it 's black hawk down with more heart .
at its worst , it 's rambo - meets-john ford .
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .
audacious-impossible yet compelling ...
auto focus is not your standard hollywood bio-pic .
b picture , and i mean that as a compliment .
bang !
be patient with the lovely hush !
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .
beautifully produced .
ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad .
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh .
big time .
boisterous , heartfelt comedy .
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ?
both lead performances are oscar-size .
both the crime story and the love story are unusual .
bravado kathy !
britney 's performance can not be faulted .
but death to smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end .
but i do .
but toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
but as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .
but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .
but fans of the show should not consider this a diss .
but here 's a glimpse at his life .
but it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
but it 's surprisingly harmless .
but it 's worth the concentration .
but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .
but it does n't need gangs of new york .
but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
but it is entertaining on an inferior level .
but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
but not without cheesy fun factor .
but on the whole , you 're gon na like this movie .
but that they are doing it is thought-provoking .
but the actors make this worth a peek .
but they fascinate in their recklessness .
but this is lohman 's film .
but when it does , you 're entirely unprepared .
changing lanes tries for more .
charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie .
chomp chomp !
cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .
compellingly watchable .
congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much !
consider it ` perfection . '
contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .
contrived as this may sound , mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
cool .
cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .
debate it .
deliciously slow .
delight your senses and crash this wedding !
delirious fun .
dense , exhilarating documentary .
did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 armenia ?
did the film inform and educate me ?
director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo .
dramas like this make it human .
earnest but heavy-handed .
ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy .
especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie .
especially give credit to affleck .
even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .
even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , east-vs .
even more baffling is that it 's funny .
every five minutes or so , someone gets clocked .
except it 's much , much better .
exciting and well-paced .
exciting documentary .
extraordinary debut from josh koury .
family fare .
fantastic !
feels untidily honest .
for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
for free .
formuliac , but fun .
fortunately , you still have that option .
full of surprises .
fun and nimble .
funny , though .
funny and touching .
gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
genuinely unnerving .
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun .
go .
good , solid storytelling .
good-naturedly cornball sequel .
goofy , nutty , consistently funny .
got a david lynch jones ?
great character interaction .
great dragons !
griffin & co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous .
half past dead is just such an achievement .
handled correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .
hard to resist .
harmless fun .
he drags it back , single-handed .
he has a great cast and a great idea .
here 's my advice , kev .
hey , happy !
highly engaging .
highly watchable stuff .
his scenes are short and often unexpected .
hopkins , squarely fills the screen .
i ca n't .
i can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial .
i have two words to say about reign of fire .
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 .
i love the robust middle of this picture .
i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned .
if only there were one for this kind of movie .
if the movie were all comedy , it might work better .
if you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it .
if you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . ''
if you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .
if you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .
if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy .
if you do n't flee , you might be seduced .
if you do n't laugh , flee .
if you love reading and\/or poetry , then by all means check it out .
in an art film !
in fact , even better .
in fact , it 's quite fun in places .
in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand .
in its own floundering way , it gets to you .
in some ways , lagaan is quintessential bollywood .
indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .
intelligent and moving .
intimate and panoramic .
intriguing and stylish .
is truth stranger than fiction ?
it 's 51 times better than this .
it 's a cool event for the whole family .
it 's a fanboy ` what if ? '
it 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
it 's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur .
it 's a masterpeice .
it 's a quirky , off-beat project .
it 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .
it 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
it 's fun , but it 's a real howler .
it 's funny .
it 's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated .
it 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie .
it 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean , but i liked it .
it 's not too fast and not too slow .
it 's not too racy and it 's not too offensive .
it 's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits .
it 's quite another to feel physically caught up in the process .
it 's sort of in-between , and it works .
it 's sweet .
it 's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be .
it 's time to let your hair down -- greek style .
it bites hard .
it ca n't escape its past , and it does n't want to .
it does give you a peek .
it does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .
it falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose .
it has plenty of laughs .
it is a movie about passion .
it is not what you see , it is what you think you see .
it may not be history -- but then again , what if it is ?
it must be in the genes .
it strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain .
its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
jam-packed with literally bruising jokes .
judging by those standards , ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
just bring on the battle bots , please !
just like igby .
just watch bettany strut his stuff .
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven .
lightweight but appealing .
like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest .
likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ?
make no mistake , ivans xtc .
many insightful moments .
matters play out realistically if not always fairly .
maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .
merry friggin ' christmas !
mildly amusing .
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .
morvern rocks .
moving and vibrant .
mr. koshashvili is a director to watch .
mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .
mr. spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .
ms. seigner and mr. serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters .
nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you .
neatly constructed thriller .
neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment .
never once predictable .
nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .
no , i love it ... hell , i dunno .
not kids , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance .
not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens .
not to mention absolutely refreshed .
nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .
now he makes them .
oddly compelling .
often hilarious .
oh , and booty call .
oh , and more entertaining , too .
oh , look at that clever angle !
on that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .
one of the best rock documentaries ever .
one regards reign of fire with awe .
one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .
only at the prospect of beck 's next project .
only for young children , if them .
oops , she 's really done it this time .
or both .
or for the year , for that matter .
or intelligent .
paul bettany is cool .
paul bettany playing malcolm mcdowell ?
perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter .
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible .
plus , like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall !
poetic , heartbreaking .
poignant and funny .
polished , well-structured film .
prepare to marvel again .
proof of this is ballistic : ecks vs. sever .
psychologically revealing .
psychologically savvy .
punitively affirmational parable .
quelle surprise !
quietly engaging .
ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what - time-it-is tedious .
rarely , a movie is more than a movie .
really quite funny .
reassuring , retro uplifter .
refreshing .
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .
remember it .
reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .
rewarding .
reyes ' word processor .
rob schneider , dana carvey and sarah michelle gellar in the philadelphia story ?
robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show .
romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .
sa da tay !
same guy with both hats .
samuel l. jackson is one of the best actors there is .
secretary is not a movie about fetishism .
see it .
seen in that light , moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many .
serious and thoughtful .
sexy and romantic .
shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .
should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .
showtime 's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment .
simply put , `` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece .
sleek and arty .
smart and taut .
so-so entertainment .
some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills .
somehow ms. griffiths and mr. pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy .
something for everyone .
sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery .
sometimes shorter is better .
spare yet audacious ...
spiderman rocks
spielberg 's realization of a near-future america is masterful .
still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .
surprisingly insightful
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .
that 's fun for kids of any age .
that 's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying .
that 's why sex and lucia is so alluring .
that storytelling has value can not be denied .
the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers .
the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
the ring never lets you off the hook .
the actors are fantastic .
the art demands live viewing .
the best part about `` gangs '' was daniel day-lewis .
the camera twirls !
the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious .
the dominant feeling is something like nostalgia . '
the extent to which it succeeds is impressive .
the film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled .
the film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .
the film grows on you .
the film is a fierce dance of destruction .
the film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet .
the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it 's actually watchable .
the heat of the moment prevails .
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .
the kind of trifle that date nights were invented for . .
the last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful .
the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that 's all that matters .
the movie is ingenious fun .
the movie is well crafted , and well executed .
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .
the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life .
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film .
the sound of gunfire and cell phones ringing .
the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .
the trailer is a riot .
their computer-animated faces are very expressive .
then nadia 's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all .
there 's lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x .
there 's plenty to impress about e.t .
there are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills .
there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
there has to be a few advantages to never growing old .
there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .
these people are really going to love the piano teacher .
they are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
they exist for hushed lines like `` they 're back ! ''
this scarlet 's letter is a. . .
this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
this is not a retread of `` dead poets ' society . ''
this is so de palma .
this is a children 's film in the truest sense .
this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
this is an interesting movie ! ''
this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .
this movie got me grinning .
this movie is to be cherished .
this new time machine is hardly perfect ... yet it proves surprisingly serviceable .
this one is not nearly as dreadful as expected .
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done .
thoroughly enjoyable .
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time .
though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous .
throughout , mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .
to the degree that ivans xtc .
trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ? '
triple x is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude .
troubling and powerful .
true hollywood story .
twenty years later , e.t . is still a cinematic touchstone .
twist open the ouzo !
visually captivating .
viva le resistance !
walter hill 's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros. .
warm and exotic .
warmed-over hash .
well , they 're ` they ' .
well-made but mush-hearted .
what 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .
what 's left is a rich stew of longing .
what `` empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .
what results is the best performance from either in years .
when it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ?
who are ` they ' ?
who is this movie for ?
who knew ...
who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .
will you go ape over this movie ?
with freeman and judd , i 'll at least remember their characters .
with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out .
with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable .
witless but watchable .
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .
wow .
yep , it 's `` waking up in reno . ''
yes , it 's as good as you remember .
yes , soar .
yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .
you 'll get the enjoyable basic minimum .
you 'll probably love it .
you just know something terrible is going to happen .
you live the mood rather than savour the story .
` hey arnold ! '
` snow dogs ' has both .
` what 's the russian word for wow ! ? '
`` birthday girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
`` extreme ops '' exceeds expectations .
`` home movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
`` it 's all about the image . ''
`` juwanna mann ? ''
`` not really as bad as you might think ! ''
`` on guard ! ''
`` punch-drunk love '' is a little like a chocolate milk moustache ...
`` red dragon '' is entertaining .
`` red dragon '' never cuts corners .
`` secretary '' is owned by its costars , spader and gyllenhaal .
`` sum '' is jack ryan 's `` do-over . ''
`` the quiet american '' begins in saigon in 1952 .
`` the best disney movie since the lion king ''
`` the turntable is now outselling the electric guitar ... ''
`` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''
a joyous occasion
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` memento ''
an `` o bruin , where art thou ? ''
and `` they 're coming ! ''
and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
brought to life on the big screen .
but ` why ? '
delightfully rendered
ending .
into scrooge .
journalism of the 1960s .
near the end takes on a whole other meaning .
than ` magnifique ' .
that works .
works , it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance .
... a roller-coaster ride of a movie
a cop story that understands the medium amazingly well .
a droll , well-acted , character-driven comedy with unexpected deposits of feeling .
a fascinating and fun film .
a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term .
a gentle , compassionate drama about grief and healing .
a masterpiece four years in the making .
a mostly intelligent , engrossing and psychologically resonant suspenser .
a pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors .
a romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe .
a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life .
a smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy .
a solidly seaworthy chiller .
a taut , intelligent psychological drama .
a thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing film .
a very funny movie .
a well-made thriller with a certain level of intelligence and non-reactionary morality .
an engaging overview of johnson 's eccentric career .
an experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment .
an idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone .
an imaginative comedy\/thriller .
an original gem about an obsession with time .
at its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers .
chicago is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution .
digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world .
effective but too-tepid biopic
engagingly captures the maddening and magnetic ebb and flow of friendship .
gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film .
guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .
haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration .
hip-hop has a history , and it 's a metaphor for this love story .
hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors .
i admired this work a lot .
in its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works .
light , cute and forgettable .
manages to be original , even though it rips off many of its ideas .
merely as a technical , logistical feat , russian ark marks a cinematic milestone .
must be seen to be believed .
nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations ...
occasionally melodramatic , it 's also extremely effective .
offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication .
offers that rare combination of entertainment and education .
one of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever .
ranks among willams ' best screen work .
she must have a very strong back .
solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts .
steve irwin 's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume .
tadpole is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure .
take care of my cat offers a refreshingly different slice of asian cinema .
tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable .
the invincible werner herzog is alive and well and living in la
the tenderness of the piece is still intact .
this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all .
this is simply the most fun you 'll ever have with a documentary !
this is the best american movie about troubled teens since 1998 's whatever .
together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death .
what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .
( a ) rare , beautiful film .
gloriously goofy ( and gory ) midnight movie stuff .
... a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism .
... always remains movingly genuine .
a charming yet poignant tale of the irrevocable ties that bind .
a deceivingly simple film , one that grows in power in retrospect .
a film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities .
a model of what films like this should be like .
a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution .
a savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in america 's culture of fear .
a slick , skillful little horror film .
a thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty .
a thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 .
a triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction !
a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship .
a whole lot foul , freaky and funny .
a wonderful character-based comedy .
all but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure .
an absorbing , slice-of-depression life that touches nerves and rings true .
an amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail .
an endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick .
an intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash .
an intriguing and entertaining introduction to johnson .
an unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story .
an unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection .
as green-guts monster movies go , it 's a beaut .
bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability .
but you 'll definitely want the t-shirt .
clever , brutal and strangely soulful movie .
compelling revenge thriller , though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady .
daring , mesmerizing and exceedingly hard to forget .
dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny .
energetic and boldly provocative .
girls gone wild and gone civil again
go see it and enjoy .
i admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending .
i like the new footage and still love the old stuff .
i whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie -- for its historical significance alone .
is n't it great ?
it 's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart .
it 's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be .
it 's still worth a look .
it is now .
it represents better-than-average movie-making that does n't demand a dumb , distracted audience .
jacquot 's tosca is a treat .
just what makes us happy , anyway ?
kinnear gives a tremendous performance .
lead provocatuers testud and parmentier give superlative performances
longley has constructed a remarkably coherent , horrifically vivid snapshot of those turbulent days .
morton is , as usual , brilliant .
nicely serves as an examination of a society in transition .
one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade .
provides an intriguing window into the imagination and hermetic analysis of todd solondz .
remarkably accessible and affecting .
renner 's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing .
somewhat blurred , but kinnear 's performance is razor sharp .
star wars is back in a major way .
the transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb
the kooky yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive .
the movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense .
the movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects .
the result is something quite fresh and delightful .
the tone is balanced , reflective and reasonable .
there 's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking .
think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind .
this is one of polanski 's best films .
tsai ming-liang has taken his trademark style and refined it to a crystalline point .
will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them .
something the true film buff will enjoy .
( a ) superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of graham greene 's 1955 novel .
( an ) hilarious romantic comedy .
... blade ii is more enjoyable than the original .
... a joke at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and bizarrely original .
... an inviting piece of film .
a blessed gift to film geeks and historians .
a bowel-curdling , heart-stopping recipe for terror .
a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido .
a captivating cross-cultural comedy of manners .
a clever blend of fact and fiction .
a comic gem with some serious sparkles .
a compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material .
a deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy .
a deviant topical comedy which is funny from start to finish .
a film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world .
a great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy need n't always make us laugh .
a historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail .
a loving little film of considerable appeal .
a marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption .
a modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence .
a moody horror\/thriller elevated by deft staging and the director 's well-known narrative gamesmanship .
a pleasant enough comedy that should have found a summer place .
a pleasant romantic comedy .
a pleasurably jacked-up piece of action moviemaking .
a potent allegorical love story .
a psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive 's attention to detail .
a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino .
a refreshingly authentic coming-of-age tale .
a resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution .
a slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered .
a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness .
a vivid cinematic portrait .
a wildly funny prison caper .
a work of astonishing delicacy and force .
a work of intricate elegance , literary lyricism and profound common sense .
a worthwhile way to spend two hours .
a worthy entry into a very difficult genre .
a worthy tribute to a great humanitarian and her vibrant ` co-stars . '
a yarn that respects the marvel version without becoming ensnared by it .
an amazing and incendiary movie that dives straight into the rough waters of contradiction .
an elegant , exquisitely modulated psychological thriller .
an enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable italian comedy big deal on madonna street .
an excellent romp that boasts both a heart and a mind .
an impossible romance , but we root for the patronized iranian lad .
an impressive if flawed effort that indicates real talent .
an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams .
an intelligent , moving and invigorating film .
an intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected .
an ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it .
an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale .
and in this regard , on guard delivers .
at its best , the good girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery ...
awkward but sincere and , ultimately , it wins you over .
barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful .
binoche and magimel are perfect in these roles .
both deeply weird and charmingly dear .
bourne , jason bourne .
but some unexpected zigs and zags help .
chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement .
davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces .
director rob marshall went out gunning to make a great one .
disturbing and brilliant documentary .
eight crazy nights is a showcase for sandler 's many talents .
engrossing and affecting , if ultimately not quite satisfying .
enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later .
escapism in its purest form .
everywhere the camera looks there is something worth seeing .
fans of nijinsky will savor every minute of cox 's work .
few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness .
frailty is n't as gory or explicit .
genuinely touching because it 's realistic about all kinds of love .
gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife .
good actress .
good ol ' urban legend stuff .
harsh , effective documentary on life in the israeli-occupied palestinian territories .
has a shambling charm ... a cheerfully inconsequential diversion .
hayek is stunning as frida and ... a star-making project .
he 's super spy !
he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works .
her delivery and timing are flawless .
hilarious , acidic brit comedy .
hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic .
ice cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance ...
if you love motown music , you 'll love this documentary .
impresses you with its open-endedness and surprises .
invincible is a wonderful movie .
is it a total success ?
it 's a count for our times .
it 's a bittersweet and lyrical mix of elements .
it 's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more .
it 's astonishing .
it 's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary ...
it 's fun , but the code-talk will fly right over everyone 's head
it 's like a poem .
it 's one of the most honest films ever made about hollywood .
it 's rather like a lifetime special -- pleasant , sweet and forgettable .
it 's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides .
it has fun being grown up .
it has the courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion .
it is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish .
it never fails to engage us .
jagger the actor is someone you want to see again .
like old myths and wonder tales spun afresh .
maguire is a surprisingly effective peter\/spider-man .
majidi gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast .
makes s & m seem very romantic , and maggie gyllenhaal is a delight .
makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man 's greatness .
marvelous , merry and , yes , melancholy film .
merchant effectively translates naipaul 's lively mix of characters from the page to screen .
more honest about alzheimer 's disease , i think , than iris .
much monkeyfun for all .
my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie .
never ( sinks ) into exploitation .
not a bad journey at all .
noyce 's film is contemplative and mournfully reflective .
noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as drama .
occasionally amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going .
offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude .
once you get into its rhythm ... the movie becomes a heady experience .
one of the most haunting , viciously honest coming-of-age films in recent memory .
one scarcely needs the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce .
pretty darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura .
quite funny for the type of movie it is ...
recalls quiet freak-outs like l'avventura and repulsion .
resourceful and ingenious entertainment .
search it out .
several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare .
sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film .
skip work to see it at the first opportunity .
some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre ; this one is a feast .
stevenson 's performance is at once clueless and fiercely committed , a volatile combination .
sturdy , entertaining period drama ... both caine and fraser have their moments .
tailored to entertain !
that rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind .
the acting alone is worth the price of admission .
the cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed .
the film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess .
the film often achieves a mesmerizing poetry .
the movie exists for its soccer action and its fine acting .
the movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design .
the perfect film for those who like sick comedies that can be snide .
the result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor .
the smartest bonehead comedy of the summer .
the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist .
the visuals alone make metropolis worth seeing .
these are lives worth watching , paths worth following .
this is a very fine movie -- go see it .
this is art paying homage to art .
thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun .
thoughtful , provocative and entertaining .
thurman and lewis are hilarious throughout .
too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience .
tuck everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth .
two generations within one family test boundaries in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama .
vividly conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love .
what jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level .
what it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and b-grade stylishness .
what might have been a predictably heartwarming tale is suffused with complexity .
windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop .
witty , touching and well paced .
worth the effort to watch .
you bet .
zany , exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure .
a compelling portrait of moral emptiness
it 's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash
sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan .
very solid , very watchable first feature for director peter sheridan
good movie .
a gorgeous , somnolent show that is splendidly mummified and thoroughly unsurprising .
a harmless and mildly amusing family comedy .
all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto .
an eccentric little comic\/thriller deeply in love with its own quirky personality .
brimful .
cry havoc and let slip the dogs of cheese , indeed .
despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy .
equal parts bodice-ripper and plodding costume drama .
everything that 's worthwhile about collision course can already be seen on television .
excellent acting and direction .
i loved looking at this movie .
i wonder what the reaction of israelis will be to this supposedly evenhanded presentation .
if you liked the 1982 film then , you 'll still like it now .
it 's a trifle .
it almost plays like solaris , but with guns and jokes .
it is also , at times , curiously moving .
it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb .
it tells more than it shows .
just how extreme are these ops ?
lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland , basically .
passably entertaining but also mechanical and joyless .
sensitive though not quite revelatory documentary .
so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something .
succeeds in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the police academy series .
the new guy is one of them .
the attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven .
the cast is uniformly excellent ... but the film itself is merely mildly charming .
the episodic film makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life .
the production values are up there .
the title helpfully offers the most succinct review of it you 'll read anywhere .
this is an hour and a half of daydreaming .
this is really just another genre picture .
this kind of dark comedy requires a delicate , surgical touch .
this movie is about lying , cheating , but loving the friends you betray .
this one does .
we may never think of band camp as a geeky or nerdy thing again .
well before it 's over , beijing bicycle begins spinning its wheels .
what happens to john q ?
what would jesus do if he was a film director ?
william shatner , as a pompous professor , is the sole bright spot ...
` how many more voyages can this limping but dearly-loved franchise survive ? '
perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about .
what 's next ?
... in this incarnation its fizz is infectious .
a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble .
and if the hours wins ` best picture ' i just might .
anthony hopkins ?
as hugh grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , ` lovely !
as a singular character study , it 's perfect .
as teen movies go , `` orange county '' is a refreshing change
between the drama of cube ?
brilliant ! '
but fans should have fun meeting a brand-new pokemon called celebi .
but he somehow pulls it off .
but what spectacular sizzle it is !
chao was chen kaige 's assistant for years in china .
choose your reaction : a . ) that sure is funny !
diane lane shines in unfaithful .
eventually , it wins you over .
every good actor needs to do his or her own hamlet .
flawed but worthy look at life in u.s. relocation camps .
for the most part , the ingredients are there .
gollum 's ` performance ' is incredible !
hands down the year 's most thought-provoking film .
here , thankfully , they are .
his characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving .
hopkins .
human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better .
i believe the message is in the messenger : the agent is a woman .
i like frank the pug , though .
i loved it !
immediately .
in a word -- yes .
is it something any true film addict will want to check out ?
it 's also the year 's sweetest movie .
it 's not thirsty , consuming passion which drives this movie .
it is nature against progress .
it wo n't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking .
lucas , take notes .
melanie eventually slugs the yankee .
message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ?
most new movies have a bright sheen .
mr. wedge and mr. saldanha handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well .
ms. fulford-wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating lolita turn .
much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .
must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry .
no question .
no wonder they 're talking about `` talk to her . ''
oh , it 's extreme , all right .
one of the best of the year .
or tom green as han solo ?
or a profit .
sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film .
so i just did .
so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise \*\*\* .
some actors steal scenes .
sometimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling .
the hours is what movies are supposed to be ...
the movie will reach far beyond its core demographic .
the new guy does have a heart .
the best movie of its kind since ` brazil . '
the long-range appeal of `` minority report '' should transcend any awards it bags .
the movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music .
the use of cgi and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick .
the voices are fine as well .
there is n't a weak or careless performance amongst them .
this film is full of rabbits .
this is how you use special effects .
this is one for the ages .
watching scarlet diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both .
what kids will discover is a new collectible .
when it 's all wet , blue crush is highly enjoyable .
woo 's fights have a distinct flair .
yeah , these flicks are just that damn good .
yes , you are , ben kingsley .
`` antwone fisher '' is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by washington .
`` men in black ii , '' has all the earmarks of a sequel .
an exceedingly clever piece of cinema .
well worth the time .
a beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from disney .
a deep and meaningful film .
a delirious celebration of the female orgasm .
a fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie .
a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality .
a quiet treasure -- a film to be savored .
a smart , witty follow-up .
a sober and affecting chronicle of the leveling effect of loss .
a study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers ...
a subtle and well-crafted ( for the most part ) chiller .
a swashbuckling tale of love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith .
a tender , heartfelt family drama .
a warm , funny , engaging film .
a warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection .
add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney 's a good director .
affleck and jackson are good sparring partners .
against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine .
ahhhh ... revenge is sweet !
an infectious cultural fable with a tasty balance of family drama and frenetic comedy .
beautifully observed , miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama .
chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson 's dahmer .
chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer .
collateral damage finally delivers the goods for schwarzenegger fans .
crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action .
dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments .
enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age .
entertains by providing good , lively company .
even in its most tedious scenes , russian ark is mesmerizing .
falls neatly into the category of good stupid fun .
for the most part stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue .
fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment .
has a lot of the virtues of eastwood at his best .
huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair .
it 's a lovely film with lovely performances by buy and accorsi .
it 's a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force .
it 's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth .
it 's also , clearly , great fun .
it 's fascinating to see how bettany and mcdowell play off each other .
it all adds up to good fun .
leigh 's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom .
like leon , it 's frustrating and still oddly likable .
makes even the claustrophobic on-board quarters seem fun .
manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time .
manages to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer .
old-form moviemaking at its best .
one of the most significant moviegoing pleasures of the year .
people cinema at its finest .
rare birds has more than enough charm to make it memorable .
reggio 's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking .
sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .
still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed .
the best film about baseball to hit theaters since field of dreams .
the film 's performances are thrilling .
the performances take the movie to a higher level .
there has always been something likable about the marquis de sade .
turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting .
what time is it there ?
will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues .
a quiet , pure , elliptical film
the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries .
... a good , if not entirely fresh , look at war .
... a magnificent drama well worth tracking down .
a delightful coming-of-age story .
a good piece of work more often than not .
a gorgeous , witty , seductive movie .
a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama .
a gripping movie , played with performances that are all understated and touching .
a marvel like none you 've seen .
a movie with a real anarchic flair .
a painfully funny ode to bad behavior .
a romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores .
a solid examination of the male midlife crisis .
a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama .
a twisty , moody slice of southern gothic ...
a very well-made , funny and entertaining picture .
a woman 's pic directed with resonance by ilya chaiken .
among the year 's most intriguing explorations of alientation .
an artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre .
an entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story with an intimate heart .
an exquisitely crafted and acted tale .
as unseemly as its title suggests .
atom egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues
birthday girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments .
blanchett 's performance confirms her power once again .
candid camera on methamphetamines .
challenging , intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative .
cool ?
for movie lovers as well as opera lovers , tosca is a real treat .
funny but perilously slight .
holm ... embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma .
i just loved every minute of this film .
it 's a charming and often affecting journey .
it 's fun lite .
it 's made with deftly unsettling genre flair .
it is amusing , and that 's all it needs to be .
it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study .
it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor .
jones ... does offer a brutal form of charisma .
just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever .
like mike is n't interested in recycling old cliches .
likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer .
lovely and poignant .
michael gerbosi 's script is economically packed with telling scenes .
more concerned with sade 's ideas than with his actions .
more romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original .
my thoughts were focused on the characters .
one from the heart .
one of the more intelligent children 's movies to hit theaters this year .
overall very good for what it 's trying to do .
part three stooges .
smart , provocative and blisteringly funny .
the chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between gauls and yanks .
the wild thornberrys movie is a jolly surprise .
the film is powerful , accessible and funny .
the film is quiet , threatening and unforgettable .
the film will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens .
the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .
the minor figures surrounding ( bobby ) ... form a gritty urban mosaic .
the most compelling wiseman epic of recent years .
the next generation of mob movie .
the story and structure are well-honed .
there 's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of birthday girl .
this disturbing bio-pic is hard to forget .
this flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get .
this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming .
though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions .
travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment .
uses high comedy to evoke surprising poignance .
very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary .
` easily my choice for one of the year 's best films . '
... routine , harmless diversion and little else .
... think of it as american pie on valium .
a solid film ... but more conscientious than it is truly stirring .
a workshop mentality prevails .
christina ricci comedy about sympathy , hypocrisy and love is a misfire .
even in this less-than-magic kingdom , reese rules .
exactly what it claims to be -- a simple diversion for the kids .
exists then as an occasionally insightful acting exercise .
harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment .
hey arnold !
it 's not without its pleasures , but i 'll stick with the tune .
it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought .
just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time .
long time dead ?
minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report .
nothing more substantial than a fitfully clever doodle .
slick piece of cross-promotion .
so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie .
the film 's essentially over by the meet-cute .
the intent is almost exactly the same ( as the full monty ) .
the kind of spectacularly misconceived enterprise that only a sophisticated cinephile could have perpetrated .
thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters .
this directorial debut from music video show-off higuchinsky is all flash .
under 15 ?
van wilder brings a whole new meaning to the phrase ` comedy gag . '
we have n't seen such hilarity since say it is n't so !
who needs love like this ?
does paint some memorable images ... , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
( serry ) wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition .
84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare .
a giggle a minute .
a rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers .
a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back .
ah yes , and then there 's the music ...
and i 've decided to leave a light on every night from now on .
and that 's a big part of why we go to the movies .
at all .
better to just call it abc kiarostami .
binoche makes it interesting trying to find out .
but it still jingles in the pocket .
despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed .
director andrew niccol ... demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame .
filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels .
good film , but very glum .
good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back !
hilariously inept and ridiculous .
his healthy sense of satire is light and fun ...
holy mad maniac in a mask , splat-man !
instead , he shows them the respect they are due .
it 's a beautiful madness .
it 's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think .
it 's unnerving to see recoing 's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment .
let 's hope -- shall we ?
no one goes unindicted here , which is probably for the best .
nothing is black and white .
pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery .
puts a human face on a land most westerners are unfamiliar with .
scooby dooby doo \/ and shaggy too \/ you both look and sound great .
smith is careful not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities .
that is a compliment to kuras and miller .
the characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory .
the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor .
this is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults .
this movie is a snow emergency .
this surreal gilliam-esque film is also a troubling interpretation of ecclesiastes .
writer\/director mark romanek spotlights the underlying caste system in america .
you wo n't miss its messages , but you 'll be entertained as well .
` they ' begins and ends with scenes so terrifying i 'm still stunned .
`` roger michell ( '' notting hill `` ) directs a morality thriller . ''
should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor .
